For KSB's Amaprop submersible mixer. Single, balanced component seal, dynamic design.
For the CPK/CPKN pump type series. Single, balanced component seal, stationary design. Multiple springs located outside the fluid handled.
For the MegaCPK/CPKN pump type series. Single balanced cartridge seal in stationary design. The large springs are located outside the fluid handled and thus protected from contamination.
For the MegaCPK/CPKN pump type series. Double cartridge seal, double pressure balanced, stationary (inboard) and dynamic (outboard) design. The pumping ring of 4CPDF circulates the buffer/barrier fluid effectively.
For the Etanorm-R/Etaline-R pump type series. Single balanced cartridge seal in stationary design. Tailored to the pump's seal installation space and requirements. The seal design facilitates installation without adjusting dimensions and ensures optimal pre-loading.
Single mechanical seals to API 682, 4th edition. Single balanced cartridge seal, dynamic design.
Double mechanical seal to API 682, 4th edition. Balanced cartridge seal, Arrangements 2 and 3, dynamic design.
Single mechanical seal to API 682, 4th edition, Category 1, for the MegaCPK pump type series. Balanced cartridge seal, dynamic design.
Double mechanical seal to API 682, 4th edition, Category 1, for the MegaCPK pump type series. Balanced cartridge seal, Arrangements 2 and 3, dynamic design.
For the RPH pump type series. Single cartridge seal, dynamic design. Specially developed for hot water applications. The seal comes with a floating throttling bush as standard for use with a gas or steam quench.
Single metal-bellows mechanical seals to API 682, 4th edition. Balanced cartridge seal, Arrangement 1.
Double metal-bellows mechanical seal to API 682, 4th edition. Balanced cartridge seal, Arrangements 2 and 3.
For the Etanorm-R pump type series. Single cartridge seal in stationary design. The large springs are located outside the fluid handled and thus protected from contamination.
For the Etanorm-R pump type series. Double, balanced cartridge seal, stationary (inboard) and dynamic (outboard) design.
For the Etanorm SYT/Etabloc SYT/Etaline SYT pump type series. Single, unbalanced component seal, dynamic design. Solid primary rings designed to maintain an optimum lubricating film between the seal faces also at high pressures and temperatures.  4EYT variant in tandem arrangement also for use as a double mechanical seal.
For the HDA/HDB pump type series. Single balanced cartridge seal, dynamic design. The seal is available with a quench connection as standard.
For the HGM-RO pump type series. Single, balanced component seal, dynamic design.
For the HG pump type series. Single balanced cartridge seal, dynamic design. The seal is available with a quench connection as standard.
For the HPK-L pump type series. Single, balanced component seal, dynamic design.
For the HPK-L pump type series. Single, unbalanced component seal, dynamic design. Used in combination with KSB's 4HL single mechanical seal.
For the KWP pump type series. Single, balanced component seal, stationary design. The seal can optionally also be operated with unpressurised quench liquid.
For the KWP pump type series. Single balanced cartridge seal in stationary design. With connection option for periodic flushing.
For the KWP-Bloc pump type series. Single, balanced component seal, dynamic design.
For the KWP pump type series. Single balanced cartridge seal in stationary design.
For the KWP pump type series. Double cartridge seal in double balanced, stationary design.
For the HPH/RPH-HW pump type series. Single, balanced component seal, stationary design. Optimised for operating conditions with extremely high pressures.
For the Etanorm/MegaCPK pump type series. Single balanced cartridge seal in stationary design. The seal design facilitates installation and ensures optimal pre-loading.
For the Movitec pump type series. Single, balanced cartridge seal designed for installation in vertical pumps for applications with high pressures and speeds.
For the Omega pump type series. Single, balanced component seal, dynamic design.
For the Omega pump type series. Double, unbalanced cartridge seal, dynamic design. Especially designed for applications with negative suction pressure.
For the RDLO pump type series. Single, balanced component seal, dynamic design.
For the RDLO pump type series. Double, balanced cartridge seal, dynamic design. Especially designed for applications with negative suction pressure.
For the RPH pump type series. Single balanced cartridge seal in stationary design.
For the RPH-RO pump type series. Single balanced cartridge seal in stationary design.
For KSB's submersible motors. Single balanced cartridge seal in stationary design. Easy installation and removal also under difficult operating conditions.
For the Sewatec, Amarex KRT and AmaCan pump type series. Single, balanced component seal, stationary design. The springs are located outside the fluid handled.
For the Amarex KRT pump type series. Double, balanced cartridge mechanical seal, stationary design. An integrated impeller ensures the best possible circulation of the cooling liquid.
For the Sewatec/Sewabloc and Amarex KRT pump type series. Double, balanced cartridge seal, stationary design. Springs located outside the fluid handled in the oil reservoir.
For KSB's submersible motors. Single balanced cartridge seal in stationary design. Easy installation and removal also under difficult operating conditions.
For the WKTB pump type series. Double, balanced cartridge seal, dynamic design. Especially designed for applications with negative suction pressure. Suitable for Plan 52.
For the WKT, WK, WL, WKS pump types series. Single balanced cartridge seal, dynamic design.
For all pump type series with a standardised seal installation space to DIN EN 12756 Single, unbalanced component seal, dynamic design. The seal is easy to install and designed for universal use.
For the Omega pump type series. Single, unbalanced component seal, dynamic design. The seal is easy to install.
Single or double cartridge seal suitable for universal use, dynamic design. The design is adjusted to the seal installation space for each specific order.
For all pump type series with a standardised seal installation space to DIN EN 12756 Single, balanced component seal, dynamic design. The seal is easy to install and designed for universal use.
For the HG pump type series. Single, balanced component seal, dynamic design. The seal offers excellent adaptation options and ensures reliable long-term operation of the pump.
For the HG pump type series. Single balanced cartridge seal in stationary design. The shrink disc ensures reliable torque transmission to the mechanical seal.
For the CPK/CPKN/MegaCPK pump type series. Double, balanced cartridge seal, dynamic design.
For the CPK/CPKN/MegaCPK pump type series. Single balanced cartridge seal, dynamic design.
For the CPK/CPKN/MegaCPK pump type series. Single balanced cartridge seal with quench connection, dynamic design.
For the MegaCPK pump type series. Double, balanced cartridge seal with rotating metal bellows. Especially suitable for extreme temperature ranges.
For the MegaCPK pump type series. Single balanced component seal with rotating metal bellows.
Double-acting pneumatic actuator for mounting on quarter-turn valves with ISO 5211 compliant shaft ends (butterfly valves or ball valves). Actuator flange to ISO 5211. Control pressure up to 8 bar. Force transmission via scotch-yoke kinematics provides output torques of up to 8000 Nm which are ideal for actuating quarter-turn valves. Equipped with a visual position indicator and, depending on the actuator size, adjustable travel stops for open/closed position or closed position as standard. Optional separate or integrated manual override. Suitable for mounting control unit type series AMTROBOX, AMTRONIC U, SMARTRONIC U or any other device with an interface to VDI/VDE 3845.
Gate valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (AKG-A) or butt weld ends (AKGS-A), pressure seal design, body of forged or welded construction, non-rotating stem, split wedge with flexibly mounted discs for precise alignment with the body seats. Seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant 17 % chrome steel or Stellite.
Swing check valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (AKR) or butt weld ends (AKRS), pressure seal design, internally mounted hinge pin, body of forged and welded construction, seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant 17 % chrome steel or Stellite.
Wet-installed submersible motor pump for installation in discharge tubes, with open, mixed-flow multi-vane impeller, single-stage, ATEX-compliant version available.
Wet-installed submersible motor pump for installation in discharge tubes, with channel impeller, single-stage, single-entry. ATEX-compliant version available.
Wet-installed submersible motor pump for installation in discharge tubes, with axial propeller in ECB design, single-stage, single-entry. ATEX-compliant version available.
Wet-installed submersible motor pump for installation in discharge tubes, with mixed flow impeller, single-stage. ATEX-compliant version available.
Self-cleaning tank insert for grouted installation in new concrete structures or in concrete structures in need of refurbishment. Designed to prevent soiling of the structure and clogging of the pumps by heavily waste or fibre loaded waste water. Suitable for pump stations emitting unpleasant odours and/or gases.
Protection module for water and waste water products as all-in-one device. Depending on the variant, it can be used for motor temperature measurement, bearing temperature measurement, leakage measurement, vibration measurement, voltage measurement and current measurement as well as for diagnosing a pump, pump system or submersible mixer to ensure trouble-free and reliable operation.
AmaDrainer 4../5..: Vertical single-stage fully floodable submersible motor pump in close-coupled design, IP68, with or without level control, max. immersion depth: 7 m. AmaDrainer 80/100: Vertical single-stage fully floodable submersible motor pump in close-coupled design, IP68, with or without level control, max. immersion depth: 10 m.
AmaDrainer Box:Stable above-floor plastic collecting tank or impact-resistant underfloor plastic collecting tank, with floor drain and odour trap, both with AmaDrainer submersible motor pump starting and stopping automatically and swing check valve AmaDrainer Box Mini:Reliable and compact grey water lifting unit in a modern design with activated carbon filter meeting hygiene requirements and with shower connection as standard; complies with EN 12050-2.
Waste water pump station with solids separation system. Indirect hydraulic transport of waste water, solids separators arranged upstream of the pumps, for maximum economic efficiency, operating reliability and ease of servicing.
Dual-pump station as ready-to-connect package system, with collecting tank made of GFRP for buried installation
Package pump station with tank made of glass fibre reinforced polyester, equipped with two dry-installed Sewabloc pumps with a rating of 2.2 to 30 kW, integrated valves and a control unit with frequency inverters. Pump operation is adjusted in line with flow rate demand, thus minimising energy costs. This maintenance-friendly pump station prevents intermediate storage of waste water and the related odour nuisance.
Wet-installed horizontal propeller pump with submersible motor, equipped with direct drive or spur gear, ECB propeller with rigid, fibre-repellent blades, bolt-free connection to the discharge pipe. Explosion-proof version available.
Horizontal submersible mixer with self-cleaning ECB propeller, close-coupled design, direct drive. ATEX-compliant version available.
Vertical single-stage submersible motor pump (grey cast iron) for waste water in close-coupled design for wet installation, stationary or transportable version.
Horizontal submersible mixer with self-cleaning ECB propeller, close-coupled design, with coaxial spur gear drive. Explosion-proof version available.
Vertical single-stage submersible motor pump for wet installation, with vortex impeller (F-max) or open dual-vane impeller (D-max), stationary or transportable version. Single-stage, single-entry close-coupled pump sets which are not self-priming. ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal or vertical single-stage submersible motor pump in close-coupled design, with various next-generation impeller types, for wet or dry installation, stationary or transportable version, with energy-saving motor and models for use in potentially explosive atmospheres.
Vertical single-stage submersible motor pump for wet installation, with cutter (S), stationary or transportable version. Amarex N pumps are floodable, single-stage, single-entry close-coupled pump sets which are not self-priming. ATEX-compliant version available.
Intelligent, vertical submersible motor pump set for wet installation, single-stage, with open two-vane impeller (D-max), IE5 motor and integrated functions such as automatic clogging detection and deragging. ATEX-compliant version available
Multi-functional AMTROBOX limit switch box. For open/closed position signalling via mechanical limit switches or proximity sensors. AMTROBOX (R1149) mounts on MR manual gearboxes, ACTAIR NG pneumatic actuators and HQ hydraulic actuators.
Limit switch box specially designed for manual actuation. For open/closed position signalling via mechanical limit switches or proximity sensors. AMTROBOX M mounts on the S series of quarter-turn levers (R1020) and manual gearbox types MA 12 and MA 25 (R1021).
Sturdy and multi-functional. For open/closed position signalling via mechanical limit switches or proximity sensors. AMTROBOX R (R1187) mounts on MR manual gearboxes, ACTAIR NG pneumatic actuators, HQ hydraulic actuators and any actuators with VDI/VDE interface.
On/off control of pneumatic quarter-turn actuators and open/closed position signalling. Mounts directly on ACTAIR EVO / DYNACTAIR EVO actuators with a universal baseplate, providing a rugged, compact and integrated solution. Its integrated directional control valve eliminates the need for any pneumatic lines between AMTRONIC U and the actuator. The actuating time of the actuator can be set via AMTRONIC U's air flow reducer. AMTRONIC U can be connected to Profibus DP or AS-i field buses. AMTRONIC U has been specially developed to reduce control unit cabling. Connection via field bus enables both power supply and control information exchange with the process control system.
Double-offset butterfly valve with epoxy coating. Perfect shut-off in either flow direction. Flanged ends to EN standards, body and valve disc made of nodular cast iron.
Horizontal self-priming centrifugal pump, open or semi-open impeller, adjusted via wear plate, with mechanical seal, ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal self-priming centrifugal pump in close-coupled design, open or semi-open impeller, adjusted via wear plate, with mechanical seal, driven by electric motors or internal combustion engines; ATEX-compliant version available.
Vertical turbine pump conforming to AWWA E101-88 and designed with radially split interchangeable pump bowls, wear rings and impellers; column assembly with interchangeable column bearings and lengths of column pipes for variable immersion depths.
Ball valve with threaded ends, single-piece body made of carbon steel or stainless steel, ball made of stainless steel, gas-threaded (UNI/DIN).
Globe valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, short face-to-face length to EN 558/14, slanted seat design with vertical bonnet, single-piece body, EPDM-encapsulated throttling plug, soft main and back seat, position indicator, locking device, travel stop, insulating cap with anti-condensation feature; maintenance-free, full insulation possible.
Globe valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, compact face-to-face length for drinking water supply systems, with electrostatic plastic coating inside and outside, slanted seat design with vertical bonnet, EPDM-encapsulated throttling plug, single-piece body, position indicator, locking device, travel stop, soft main and back seat; maintenance-free, (PN 10 DVGW-approved).
Differential pressure control valve / proportional control valve for the constant control of an adjustable differential pressure setpoint without auxiliary energy, with threaded ends (DN 15 - 50) or flanged ends (DN 65 - 100). Setpoint can be adjusted continuously and read from the outside at any time. The valve closes automatically with rising pressure. Includes quick-measurement ports for measuring pressure loss. Available in various pressure control ranges (LP/HP) from 5 to 80 kPa (threaded ends) and from 80 to 160 kPa (flanged ends).
Pressure-independent combination valve, comprising a continuously adjustable flow controller and a control valve for hydraulic balancing and dynamic volume flow control at constant valve authority, with threaded ends (DN 10-50) and  flanged ends (DN 65-150). Continuously variable adjustment of the volume flow rate setpoint directly at the valve thanks to the digital scale, with mechanical locking function. With measurement ports for checking the pressure and minimum differential pressure. Available in various volume flow rate control ranges (LF/HF) from 43 to 8586 l/h (valve with threaded ends) and from 4.4 to 160 m³/h (valve with flanged ends). With actuator mounting option (M 30 x 1.5) for the electrical control of an additional variable such as room temperature by adjusting the volume flow.
Maintenance-free balancing and measurement valve with female threaded ends, Y-pattern, continuous presetting, with position indicator readable from all angles (360°). Includes travel stop and 2 measurement ports with fixed measuring orifice (tolerance +/- 5 %) for measuring pressure, differential pressure and flow. Minimum space requirements thanks to non-rising handwheel and all functional parts being positioned on the same side as the handwheel.
Balancing, measurement and shut-off valve with flanged ends to DIN/EN, constant measurement accuracy independent of differential pressures. Body in standard face-to-face length to EN 558/1, throttling plug, scaled position indicator, travel stop and insulating cap with anti-condensation feature; maintenance-free, full insulation possible. Also available with electrostatic plastic coating (EKB) and DVGW-certified for drinking water. With integrated  ultrasonic sensors not coming into contact with the fluid handled. Stationary monitoring by means of BOATRONIC 100 MOD (24 V AC/DC, Modbus) of flow direction, volume flow rate and temperature, and optional  recording of supply and return temperature as well as thermal output and quantity of heat. Mobile measurement of flow direction, volume flow rate and temperature using the BOATRONIC MS (battery powered) / BOATRONIC 100 (rechargeable battery powered) measuring computers.
Control valve to DIN/EN based on standard type series BOA-Compact, BOA-SuperCompact, BOA-W, BOA-Compact EKB, BOA-Control IMS and BOA-Control IMS EKB, bonnetless pressure-retaining body, soft-seated. Leakage rate selectable from 0.05 % to drop-tight, Kvs values between 6.3 and 700 m³/h and closing pressures of up to 16 bar. With intelligent microprocessor-controlled and pre-set electric actuators providing actuating forces from 1000 N to 14,000 N; electronic configuration of flow characteristic, Kvs value, actuating signal and actuating time using PC tool or manual parameterisation unit. Customised configuration can be implemented at the KSB factory on request.
Service-friendly control valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, either with linear or equal-percentage control characteristic at Kvs values of 0.1 to 630 m³/h and closing pressures of up to 40 bar; all internal parts are easy to replace without special tools, including the reversible seat; noise level reduced by standard two-stage pressure reduction combining a parabolic plug and multi-hole cage; with electric actuator.
Service-friendly control valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, either with linear or equal-percentage control characteristic at Kvs values of 0.1 to 630 m³/h and closing pressures of up to 40 bar; all internal parts are easy to replace without special tools, including the reversible seat; noise level reduced by standard two-stage pressure reduction combining a parabolic plug and multi-hole cage; with pneumatic actuator.
Bellows-type globe valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, with on/off disc or throttling plug, standard position indicator with colour coding for identification of valve design, replaceable valve disc; bellows protected when valve is in fully open position; seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant chrome steel or chrome nickel steel.
Bellows-type globe valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (BOA-H and BOA-HV), butt weld ends or socket weld ends (BOA-HE and BOA-HEV), with on/off disc or throttling plug, seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant chrome steel or chrome nickel steel.
Measuring pipe with integrated ultrasonic sensors for identifying flow direction and measuring volume flow rate and temperature, sensors not in contact with fluid handled, constant measuring accuracy independent of minimum differential pressures. Stationary monitoring by means of BOATRONIC 100 MOD (24 V AC/DC, Modbus) of flow direction and volume flow rate; optional measurement of supply and return temperature, thermal output and quantity of heat. Mobile measurement of flow direction, volume flow rate and temperature using the BOATRONIC 100 measuring computer (rechargeable battery powered).
Lift check valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, spring-loaded valve disc, maintenance-free.
Nozzle check valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, Venturi-type body, max. flow velocity 2.5 m/s. Body made of cast iron, check disc made of brass and cast iron, seat made of stainless steel. Suitable for installation in horizontal or vertical pipes. Rapid closure without surge pressures.
Ball check valve to DIN/EN with flanged or female/female-threaded ends, made of nodular cast iron, NBR-coated ball, bolted cover, suitable for installation in vertical or horizontal pipes.
Lift check valve to DIN/EN with wafer-type body, centring aided by the body shape, shut-off by spring-loaded plate or valve disc guided by three stainless steel guiding pins. Low-noise designs with plastic plate (DN 15 - 100) or valve disc with O-ring (DN 125 - 200), maintenance-free.
Strainer to DIN/EN with flanged ends, with standard or fine screen; all nominal sizes with drain plug in the cover. Made of grey cast iron or nodular cast iron.
Globe valve to DIN/EN with wafer-type body, super-compact DN face-to-face length to EN 558/94, slanted seat design with vertical bonnet, with flange alignment holes for centring, dead-end service and downstream dismantling; single-piece body, insulating cap with anti-condensation feature as standard, position indicator, locking device, travel stop, soft main and back seat; maintenance-free, full insulation possible.
Smart and pressure-independent measurement and control valve (2-way energy valve) for monitoring and controlling flow direction, volume flow rate, supply and return temperature, thermal output and quantity of heat as well as automating the hydraulic balancing process. With integrated ultrasonic flow rate measurement and temperature sensor not in contact with the fluid handled; includes: 2 additional Pt1000 temperature sensors for measuring the supply and return temperature, integrated basic control functions (position, flow rate, temperature, thermal output), integrated process optimisation functions (delta-T management and limitation features). Also available with electrostatic plastic coating (EKB) and DVGW-certified for drinking water.
Globe valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, standard face-to-face length to EN 558/1, slanted seat design with vertical bonnet, single-piece body, EPDM-encapsulated throttling plug, soft main and back seat, position indicator, locking device, travel stop, insulating cap with anti-condensation feature; maintenance-free; full insulation possible.
Strainer to DIN/EN with flanged ends, body made of stainless steel, with standard or fine screen; all nominal sizes with drain plug in the cover.
Lift check valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, body made of stainless steel, check disc with closing spring, lapped seat/disc interface.
Globe valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, body made of stainless steel, gland packing, rotating stem, with on/off disc or throttling plug.
Bellows-type globe valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, body made of stainless steel, with replaceable on/off disc or throttling plug.
Ultrasonic measuring computer for use with balancing, measurement and shut-off valves, and measuring pipes; commissioning, operation and display via the KSB FlowManager app and the KSB ServiceTool; direct measurement without having to enter valve travel; fluid-specific data for water and water/glycol mixtures available for direct selection. BOATRONIC 100: Measuring computer for mobile measurement of flow direction, volume flow rate and temperature, compatible with BOA-Control / BOA-Control IMS balancing and shut-off valves and with BOA-MP measuring pipe; with rechargeable batteries 6x1.2 V AA Mignon (not included in the scope of supply); includes magnetically attaching sensor set (for BOA-Control DN 15-200). BOATRONIC 100 MOD: Measuring computer for monitoring and permanently measuring flow direction, volume flow rate, supply and return temperature, thermal output and quantity of heat using ultrasound; compatible with BOA-Control IMS balancing and shut-off valve and with BOA-MP measuring pipe; communication via 2 analog signals (0/4-20 mA / 0/2-10 V / 0-5 V) and Modbus RTU, supply voltage 24V AC/DC.
BOATRONIC MS: Measuring computer for measuring BOA-Control and BOA-Control IMS using ultrasonic sensors; directly displays DN, fluid handled, current flow rate and fluid temperature without prior input of valve travel; 4-key operation for all menu options, data transfer between BOATRONIC MS and customer's IT system via USB interface; self-checking and calibrating upon start-up; fluid data can be selected, with battery compartment for 4x1.5V AA MIGNON batteries (not included in scope of supply); automatic warning when voltage drops below the permissible minimum voltage (BAT); scope of supply includes magnetically attaching sensor set for measuring all BOA-Control globe valves. BOATRONIC MS-420: Measuring computer for permanent measurement set-ups with BOA-Control IMS using ultrasonic sensors; directly displays DN, fluid handled, current flow rate and fluid temperature; analog transmission (4-20 mA output signal) of current flow rate and fluid temperature, 4-key operation for all menu options, self-checking and calibrating upon start-up, fluid data can be selected, 24 V DC power supply.
Automatic air valve with two floats and three functions. Flanged ends, body made of nodular cast iron, double-chamber design with ABS floats. The air valve ensures proper operation of piping systems. It is specially designed to allow the entry and discharge of large volumes of air and the release of air pockets in working conditions.
Automatic air valve with one float and three functions. With flanged ends or threaded ends, body made of nodular cast iron, single-chamber design with polypropylene float.  The air valve ensures proper operation of piping systems. It is specially designed to allow the entry and discharge of large volumes of air and the release of air pockets in working conditions.
Automatic air valve with one float and three functions. With flanged ends (DN 25-300R) or threaded ends (DN 25-150), body made of nodular cast iron (PN 16-40) or carbon steel (PN 64), single-chamber design with polypropylene float. The air valve ensures proper operation of piping systems. It is specially designed to allow the entry and discharge of large volumes of air and the release of air pockets in working conditions.
Centred-disc butterfly valve with ISO 5211 compliant square shaft end, sealed by elastomer liner (EPDM XC / XU or nitrile K), with lever, manual gearbox, pneumatic or electric actuator; semi-lug body (T2), full-lug body (T4). Body types T2 and T4 are suitable for downstream dismantling and dead-end service. Valve disc made of nodular cast iron or stainless steel. Connections to EN.
Centred-disc butterfly valve with epoxy coating. Perfect shut-off in either flow direction. Flanged ends to EN standards, body made of nodular cast iron, valve disc made of stainless steel.
Centred-disc butterfly valve with ISO 5211 compliant square shaft end for butterfly valves from DN 350, with heat barrier and elastomer liner (EPDM XU or nitrile K), with lever, manual gearbox or electric actuator (BOAXMAT-S and BOAXMAT-SF); semi-lug body (T2) or full-lug body (T4) for downstream dismantling and dead-end service. Valve disc made of stainless steel 1.4308, connections to EN.
Ball valve with floating ball, flanged ends, split body made of carbon steel, ball made of stainless steel, PTFE seat. Flanges to EN 1092-1 PN 16/40 or ANSI B16.5.
Ball valve with trunnion-mounted ball, flanged ends, body made of carbon steel or stainless steel, ball made of stainless steel, seat made of stainless steel, PTFE inserts. Flanges to EN 1092-1 PN 16/40 or ANSI B16.5.
Maintenance-free high-efficiency flanged or screw-ended glandless pump with high-efficiency electric motor and continuously variable differential pressure control.
Maintenance-free high-efficiency flanged or screw-ended glandless pump with high-efficiency electric motor and continuously variable differential pressure control.
Maintenance-free high-efficiency flanged or screw-ended glandless pump with high-efficiency permanent magnet synchronous motor and continuously variable differential pressure control. Its integrated Modbus RTU interface and optional extension modules enable flexible integration into building management systems.
Maintenance-free high-efficiency flanged or screw-ended glandless pump as twin pump, with high-efficiency permanent magnet synchronous motor and continuously variable differential pressure control. Its integrated Modbus RTU interface and optional extension modules enable flexible integration into building management systems.
Maintenance-free high-efficiency flanged or screw-ended glandless pump in twin pump design with high-efficiency electric motor and continuously variable differential pressure control.
Maintenance-free high-efficiency screw-ended glandless pump with high-efficiency electric motor and continuously variable differential pressure control.
Maintenance-free high-efficiency flanged or screw-ended glandless pump in twin pump design with high-efficiency electric motor and continuously variable differential pressure control.
Maintenance-free fixed speed glandless drinking water circulator pump, screw-ended, electric motor with multiple fixed speed levels, for use in drinking water supply systems and hot water supply systems.
Maintenance-free high-efficiency variable speed glandless drinking water circulator, screw-ended or flanged, with electric motor and continuously variable differential pressure control for use in drinking water supply systems and hot water supply systems.
Maintenance-free high-efficiency variable speed glandless drinking water circulator, screw-ended, with electric motor and continuously variable differential pressure control for use in drinking water supply systems and hot water supply systems.
Automatic control unit for pressure-controlled starting and either pressure-controlled or flow-controlled stopping and monitoring of a single pump.
Horizontal high-pressure barrel-type pumps with radial impellers, single-entry and double-entry, multistage, with flanges or weld end nozzles to DIN and ANSI.
Horizontal high-pressure barrel-type pumps with radial impellers, single-entry and double-entry, multistage, with flanges or weld end nozzles to DIN and ANSI.
Horizontal radially split multistage high-pressure pumps in between-bearings design, with double casing (barrel-type pumps) to API 610 (ISO 13709), type BB5. First stage optionally available in double-suction design for low NPSH requirements. ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal axially split single-entry multistage between-bearings volute casing pump with single casing and back-to-back impeller arrangement to API 610 (ISO 13709), type BB3. First stage optionally available in double-entry design for low NPSH requirements. ATEX-compliant version available.
Single-pump station / dual-pump station as ready-to-connect package system, with PE-LLD (polyethylene) collecting tank for buried installation. Equipped with either one or two submersible waste water pumps of type Amarex N S (explosion-proof or non-explosion-proof) or AmaPorter (non-explosion-proof). Tank design to DIN 1986-100 and EN 752/EN 476.
Gate valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, elastomer-coated wedge, bolted bonnet, rotating stem, inside screw, body made of nodular cast iron.
Gate valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, bolted bonnet, metal-seated, rotating stem, inside screw, body and flexible wedge made of nodular cast iron, stem and seats made of stainless steel.
Tilting disc check valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, with lever and counterweight/hydraulic damper, body and valve disc made of nodular cast iron, body seats made of stainless steel.
Multistage horizontal centrifugal pump in close-coupled design
Floodable single-pump sewage lifting unit or dual-pump sewage lifting unit for automatic disposal of waste water and faeces in buildings and building sections below the flood level.
Float valve to DIN/EN for controlling maximum and minimum liquid levels in tanks, with flanged ends (DN 40-300) or threaded ends (DN 25-32), body made of nodular cast iron; valve disc, stem, float and seat made of stainless steel.
Direct-acting pressure reducing valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (DN 50-150) or threaded ends (DN 15-50), body made of nodular cast iron; valve disc, stem and seat made of stainless steel.
Direct-acting pressure sustaining valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, body made of nodular cast iron, valve disc, stem and seat made of stainless steel.
Horizontal radially split volute casing pump in back pull-out design, with radial impeller, single-entry, single-stage, to ISO 2858 / ISO 5199. Also available as a variant with "wet" shaft, conical seal chamber and/or semi-open impeller. ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal volute casing pump in back pull-out design, with semi-open impeller, single-stage, to ISO 2858 / ISO 5199. ATEX-compliant version available.
Double-offset butterfly valve with ISO 5211 compliant square shaft end, with plastomer seat (also in fire-safe design), metal seat or elastomer seat (FKM [VITON R] or NBR [nitrile]). Lever or manual gearbox, pneumatic, electric or hydraulic actuator. Body made of nodular cast iron, cast steel, stainless steel or duplex stainless steel (254 SMO). Wafer-type body (T1), full-lug body (T4), T4 suitable for downstream dismantling and dead-end service with counterflange. Connections to EN, ASME or JIS. Fire-safe design tested and certified to API 607. Fugitive emissions performance tested and certified to EN ISO 15848-1. ATEX-compliant version in accordance with Directive 2014/34/EU.
Double-offset butterfly valve for cryogenic applications; body with flanged ends (T7) with raised faces, or body with butt weld ends made of stainless steel to ASME Class 150, JIS, fire-safe design.
Double-offset butterfly valve for cryogenic applications, wafer-type body (T1), full-lug body (T4).
Double-offset butterfly valve with ISO 5211 compliant square shaft end, with plastomer seat or metal seat (fire-safe), without gland packing, maintenance-free, with lever or manual gearbox, pneumatic, electric or hydraulic actuator, body made of steel or stainless steel. Wafer-type body (T1), full-lug body (T4) or flanged body (T7) with flat or raised faces. Body types T4 and T7 are suitable for dead-end service. Connections to EN, ASME or JIS. Certified to German TA Luft Technical Guidelines on Air Quality Control.
Davit crane with proven rope winch for easy lifting and lowering, optionally for wall or floor mounting, available in different materials variants.
Fully automatic pressure booster system with two to three (MVP) / four (SVP) vertical high-pressure pumps in two variable speed versions. The MVP and SVP variable speed versions ensure variable speed control of each pump by motor-mounted frequency inverter for asynchronous motors (MVP) or by PumpDrive variable speed system and KSB SuPremE motor (SVP), respectively, providing fully electronic control to ensure the required supply pressure. Equipped with a central fuse box.
Fully automatic ready-to-connect package single-pump pressure booster system / dual-pump pressure booster system with variable speed system
Fully automatic package pressure booster system with two to four (F) / six (VC/SVP) vertical high-pressure pumps; available in cascade-controlled and two variable speed designs. Cascade control (F) for ensuring the required supply pressure. The VC and SVP versions ensure variable speed control of each pump by cabinet-mounted frequency inverter (VC) or motor-mounted PumpDrive variable speed system and KSB SuPremE motor (SVP), respectively, providing fully electronic control to ensure the required supply pressure. Automated with KSB BoosterCommand Pro Plus.
Fully automatic package pressure booster system with two to three (VC) / four (F/SVP) vertical high-pressure pumps; available in cascade-controlled and two variable speed designs. Cascade control (F) for ensuring the required supply pressure. The VC and SVP versions ensure variable speed control of each pump by cabinet-mounted frequency inverter (VC) or motor-mounted PumpDrive variable speed system and KSB SuPremE motor (SVP), respectively, providing fully electronic control to ensure the required supply pressure. Automated with KSB BoosterCommand Pro.
Fully automatic single-pump system available in two variable speed versions. The MVP and SVP variable speed versions ensure variable speed control of each pump by motor-mounted frequency inverter for asynchronous motors (MVP) or by PumpDrive variable speed system and KSB SuPremE motor (SVP), respectively, providing fully electronic control to ensure the required supply pressure.
Fully automatic package single-pump system with 8-litre membrane-type accumulator. The system is started and stopped as a function of pressure.
Combined butterfly/check valve with single-acting hydraulically controlled counterweight actuator. For mounting on valves with DN 500 to 1400.
Single-acting pneumatic actuator for mounting on quarter-turn valves with ISO 5211 compliant shaft ends (butterfly valves or ball valves). Actuator flange to ISO 5211. Control pressure up to 8 bar. Force transmission via scotch-yoke kinematics provides output torques of up to 4000 Nm which are ideal for actuating quarter-turn valves. Reset to fail-safe position in case of control air failure is effected by means of spring assemblies. Equipped with a visual position indicator and, depending on the actuator size, adjustable travel stops for closed position or open/closed position as standard. Optional separate or integrated emergency manual override. Suitable for mounting control unit type series AMTROBOX, AMTRONIC U, SMARTRONIC U or any other device with an interface to VDI/VDE 3845.
Ball valve to ANSI/ASME with threaded ends (NPT), butt weld or socket weld ends, three-piece body, full bore, floating ball. Plastomer sealing (also in fire-safe design).
Ball valve, three-piece ball valve, cast/forged steel, floating ball, full bore, butt weld ends or threaded ends
Ball valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged ends, two-piece body, full bore, floating ball, plastomer sealing (also in fire-safe design).
Strainer to DIN/EN with flanged ends, Y pattern, with standard or fine screen; all nominal sizes with drain plug in the cover. Body made of grey cast iron or nodular cast iron, screen made of stainless steel.
Strainer to DIN/EN with threaded sockets, Y pattern. Body made of brass, screen made of stainless steel AISI 304, cover gasket made of NBR.
Strainer to ANSI/ASME with flanged ends, Y-pattern, bolted cover, cast steel A216 WCB, screen made of stainless steel 304, mesh width 1.5 mm.
Strainer to ANSI/ASME with threaded sockets (NPT) or socket weld ends (SW), Y-pattern, with bolted cover, forged steel A105, screen made of stainless steel 304. Mesh width 0.8 to 0.9 mm.
Globe valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged ends, cast steel/stainless steel body, trim and bellows made of stainless steel, with bolted bonnet, outside screw and yoke, sealed by graphite gland packing and metal bellows, stainless steel/graphite gaskets.
Globe valve to ANSI/ASME with threaded sockets (NPT) or socket weld ends (SW), cast steel/stainless steel body, trim and bellows made of stainless steel, outside screw and yoke, sealed by graphite gland packing and metal bellows, stainless steel/graphite gaskets.
Globe valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged ends, cast steel A216 WCB, Trim 8 (Stellite/13 % chrome steel) for Class 150/300/600, Trim 5 (Stellite/Stellite) for Class 600, with bolted bonnet, outside screw and yoke, graphite gland packing, stainless steel/graphite gaskets.
Globe valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged ends, forged steel A105, Trim 8 (Stellite/13 % chrome steel), with bolted bonnet, outside screw and yoke, graphite gland packing, stainless steel/graphite gaskets, reduced bore.
Globe valve to ANSI/ASME with threaded sockets (NPT), butt weld ends (BW) or socket weld ends (SW), Trim 8 (Stellite/13 % chrome steel), with bolted bonnet, outside screw and yoke, graphite gland packing, stainless steel/graphite gaskets, available in carbon steel and alloy steel.
Globe valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged ends, cast steel A216 WCB, A351 CF8/CF8M/CN7M, Trims 2/8/10/13 for Class 150/300, with bolted bonnet, outside screw and yoke, graphite gland packing, stainless steel / graphite gasket.
Gate valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends or butt weld ends, bolted bonnet, body made of cast steel, non-rotating stem, with flexible wedge, seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant 13 % chrome steel or Stellite.
Gate valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged ends or butt weld ends, cast steel/stainless steel body, trim and bellows made of stainless steel, with bolted bonnet, outside screw and yoke, sealed by graphite gland packing and metal bellows, stainless steel/graphite gaskets.
Gate valve to ANSI/ASME with threaded sockets (NPT) or socket weld ends (SW), cast steel/stainless steel body, trim and bellows made of stainless steel, bolted bonnet, outside screw and yoke, sealed by graphite gland packing and metal bellows, stainless steel/graphite gaskets.
Gate valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged ends, cast steel A216 WCB, Trim 8 (Stellite/13 % chrome steel) for Class 150/300/600, Trim 5 (Stellite/Stellite) for Class 600, with bolted bonnet, outside screw and yoke, non-rotating stem, flexible wedge, graphite gland packing, stainless steel/graphite gaskets.
Gate valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged ends, forged steel A105, Trim 8 (Stellite/13 % chrome steel), with bolted bonnet, outside screw and yoke, non-rotating stem, single-piece wedge, graphite gland packing, stainless steel/graphite gaskets, reduced bore.
Gate valve to ANSI/ASME with threaded sockets (NPT), butt weld ends (BW) or socket weld ends (SW), Trim 8 (Stellite/13 % chrome steel), with bolted bonnet, outside screw and yoke, single-piece wedge, graphite gland packing, stainless steel/graphite gaskets, available in carbon steel and alloy steel.
Gate valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged ends, cast steel A216 WCB, A351 CF8/CF8M/CN7M, Trims 2/8/10/13 for Class 150/300, with bolted bonnet, outside screw and yoke, non-rotating stem, flexible wedge, graphite gland packing, stainless steel / graphite gasket.
Lift check valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged ends, forged steel A105, Trim 8 (Stellite/13 % chrome steel), reduced bore, with bolted cover, spring-loaded valve disc.
Lift check valve to ANSI/ASME with threaded sockets (NPT), butt weld ends (BW) or socket weld ends (SW), Trim 8 (Stellite/13 % chrome steel), with bolted cover, spring-loaded valve disc, available in carbon steel and alloy steel.
Lift check valve made of brass, with threaded sockets, plate made of brass, NBR gasket.
Swing check valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged ends, cast steel A216 WCB, Trim 8 (Stellite/13 % chrome steel) for Class 150/300/600, Trim 5 (Stellite/Stellite) for Class 600, with bolted cover, internally mounted hinge pin (2"-12"), stainless steel/graphite gaskets.
Swing check valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged ends, forged steel A105, Trim 8 (Stellite/13 % chrome steel), reduced bore, with bolted cover, internally mounted hinge pin.
Swing check valve to ANSI/ASME with threaded sockets (NPT), butt weld ends (BW) or socket weld ends (SW), Trim 8 (Stellite/13 % chrome steel), with bolted cover (Class 800) or welded cover (Class 1500 and 2500), internally mounted hinge pin, available in carbon steel and alloy steel.
Swing check valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged ends, cast steel A216 WCB, A351 CF8/CF8M/CN7M, Trims 2/8/10/13 for Class 150/300, with bolted cover and stainless steel / graphite gasket.
Gate valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, bolted bonnet, metal-seated, rotating stem, inside screw, body made of cast iron, seats made of brass.
Emergency manual override using a declutchable manual gearbox with handwheel for mounting on ACTAIR EVO double-acting pneumatic actuators, DYNACTAIR EVO single-acting pneumatic actuators and hydraulic actuators. The manual override is fitted between the valve and the actuator. The manual override has priority over the pneumatic or hydraulic actuator and is locked either in clutched or declutched position using the locking device.
Fully automatic, ready-to-connect package dual-pump pressure booster with pressure control
Vertical immersion pump for wet installation, with various impeller types designed to meet specific fluid requirements. Supplied with discharge pipe extending above the cover plate, DN according to nominal flow rate. Sealing by lip seal, single or double cartridge mechanical seal. ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal single- or two-stage centrifugal pump with volute casing. Casing flanged to the support bracket. Sizes 100-50/2 and 125-50/2 have two stages. Radial overhung impeller, with balancing holes for hydraulic balancing. Replaceable wear rings and shaft protecting sleeves.
Single-stage close-coupled volute casing pump, with ratings to EN 733, with replaceable shaft sleeve and casing wear rings, with motor-mounted variable speed system. With KSB SuPremE, a magnetless synchronous reluctance motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 to IEC TS 60034-30-2:2016, for operation on a KSB PumpDrive 2 or KSB PumpDrive 2 Eco variable speed system without rotor position sensors. Motor mounting points in accordance with EN 50347, envelope dimensions in accordance with DIN V 42673 (07-2011). ATEX-compliant version available.
Volute casing pump for horizontal or vertical installation, back pull-out design, single-stage, with ratings to EN 733, radially split volute casing, replaceable casing wear rings, volute casing with integrally cast pump feet, closed radial impeller with multiply curved vanes, single mechanical seal to EN 12756, product-lubricated carbon plain bearing, grease-lubricated radial ball bearing in the motor housing, with magnetless KSB SuPremE motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 and PumpDrive variable speed system; ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal single-stage close-coupled circular casing pump, with ratings and main dimensions to EN 733, with replaceable casing wear rings and motor-mounted variable speed system. With KSB SuPremE, a magnetless synchronous reluctance motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 to IEC TS 60034-30-2:2016, for operation on a KSB PumpDrive 2 or KSB PumpDrive 2 Eco variable speed system without rotor position sensors. Motor mounting points in accordance with EN 50347, envelope dimensions in accordance with DIN V 42673 (07-2011). ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal single-stage circular casing pump, with ratings and main dimensions to EN 733, with replaceable casing wear rings and motor-mounted variable speed system. With KSB SuPremE, a magnetless synchronous reluctance motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 to IEC TS 60034-30-2:2016, for operation on a KSB PumpDrive 2 or KSB PumpDrive 2 Eco variable speed system without rotor position sensors. Motor mounting points in accordance with EN 50347, envelope dimensions in accordance with DIN V 42673 (07-2011). ATEX-compliant version available.
Single-stage volute casing pump in in-line design, with magnetless KSB SuPremE motor of efficiency class IE4/IE5 and PumpDrive variable speed system; pump shaft and motor shaft are rigidly connected. With KSB SuPremE, a magnetless synchronous reluctance motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 to IEC TS 60034-30-2:2016, for operation on a KSB PumpDrive 2 or KSB PumpDrive 2 Eco variable speed system without rotor position sensors. Motor mounting points in accordance with EN 50347, envelope dimensions in accordance with DIN V 42673 (07-2011). ATEX-compliant version available.
EtaLine Pro – more compact, flexible and efficient. Service-friendly high-efficiency variable speed in-line pump with dry-rotor permanent magnet synchronous motor. Integrated sophisticated pump functions. Well ahead of the ErP Directive's efficiency requirements. For heating and air-conditioning applications as well as water supply systems.
Single-stage volute casing pump in in-line design, with magnetless KSB SuPremE motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 and PumpDrive variable speed system; pump shaft and motor shaft are rigidly connected.  ATEX-compliant version available.
Single-stage volute casing pump in in-line design as twin pump, with magnetless KSB SuPremE motor of efficiency class IE4/IE5 and PumpDrive variable speed system; pump shaft and motor shaft are rigidly connected. An M12 module (accessory) enables redundant operation of Etaline Z without the need for a higher-level controller. With KSB SuPremE, a magnetless synchronous reluctance motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 to IEC TS 60034-30-2:2016, for operation on a KSB PumpDrive 2 or KSB PumpDrive 2 Eco variable speed system without rotor position sensors. Motor mounting points in accordance with EN 50347, envelope dimensions in accordance with DIN V 42673 (07-2011). ATEX-compliant version available.
Vertical close-coupled pump with volute casing in in-line design with magnet-less KSB SuPremE motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 and PumpDrive variable speed system.
Horizontal volute casing pump, single-stage, with ratings and main dimensions to EN 733, long-coupled, back pull-out design, with replaceable shaft sleeves / shaft protecting sleeves and casing wear rings, with motor-mounted variable speed system. With KSB SuPremE, a magnetless synchronous reluctance motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 to IEC TS 60034-30-2:2016, for operation on a KSB PumpDrive 2 or KSB PumpDrive 2 Eco variable speed system without rotor position sensors. Motor mounting points in accordance with EN 50347, envelope dimensions in accordance with DIN V 42673 (07-2011). ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal volute casing pump in back pull-out design, single-stage, with ratings and dimensions to EN 733, radially split volute casing with integrally cast pump feet, replaceable casing wear rings, closed radial impeller with multiply curved vanes, single mechanical seal to EN 12756, double mechanical seal to EN 12756, drive-end bearings: rolling element bearings, pump-end bearings: plain bearings, with magnetless KSB SuPremE motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 and PumpDrive variable speed system; ATEX-compliant version available.
Single-stage volute casing pump for vertical installation in closed tanks under atmospheric pressure, with ratings to EN 733.
Horizontal volute casing pump in back pull-out design, single-stage, with ratings and dimensions to EN 733, radially split volute casing with integrally cast pump feet, replaceable casing wear rings, closed radial impeller with multiply curved vanes, single mechanical seal to EN 12756, double mechanical seal to EN 12756, drive-end bearings: rolling element bearings, pump-end bearings: plain bearings, with magnetless KSB SuPremE motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 and PumpDrive variable speed system; ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal self-priming volute casing pump, single-stage, with open multi-vane impeller, close-coupled; pump shaft and motor shaft rigidly connected; ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal self-priming volute casing pump, single-stage, with open multi-vane impeller, from size 40-40-140 with bearing bracket, in back pull-out design, ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal or vertical seal-less volute casing pump in back pull-out design with fully enclosed canned motor, low noise emission, with radial impeller, single-stage, single-entry, casing connecting dimensions to EN 733, or in in-line design.
Floodable lifting unit for domestic waste water, equipped with either one or two pumps of type Ama-Porter F (vortex impeller) or Ama-Porter S (cutter)
Single-stage self-priming centrifugal pump in close-coupled design.
Knife gate valve to DIN/EN with wafer-type single-piece or two-piece body made of nodular cast iron, bi-directional, with gland packing, non-rising stem, corrosion-protected by epoxy coating.
Knife gate valve to ANSI/ASME with full-lug body made of carbon steel or stainless steel; bi-directional, with gland packing, rubber-lined, rising stem, non-rising handwheel.
Knife gate valve to ANSI/ASME with semi-lug body made of carbon steel or stainless steel, bi-directional, with gland packing, through-going blade, rising stem, non-rising handwheel, robust yoke for actuator mounting as standard.
Knife gate valve to ANSI/ASME with full-lug single-piece body made of carbon steel or stainless steel; uni-directional, with gland packing, rising stem, non-rising handwheel.
Horizontal radially split ring-section pump with radial impellers, single-entry or double-entry, multistage.
Horizontal radially split product-lubricated multistage ring-section pump with radial impellers, axial and radial single-entry inlet.
Horizontal radially split volute casing pump in back pull-out design, with centreline pump feet, with radial impeller, single-entry, single-stage. Optional TRD type testing by TÜV. ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal radially split volute casing pump in back pull-out design, with radial impeller, single-entry, single-stage, to ISO 2858 / ISO 5199. Optional TRD type testing by TÜV. ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal radially split volute casing pump in back pull-out design to ISO 2858 / ISO 5199, single-stage, single-entry, with radial impeller. Equipped with heat barrier, seal chamber air-cooled by integrated fan impeller, no external cooling. ATEX-compliant version available.
Single-acting or double-acting hydraulic actuator (gas cartridge or spring) for mounting on quarter-turn valves (butterfly valves or ball valves). Actuator flange to ISO 5211. Control pressure up to 160 bar. Mounts on valves with square or flat shaft end. Force transmission via rack-and-pinion or scotch-yoke kinematics provides output torques of up to 55,000 Nm which are ideal for actuating quarter-turn valves. Equipped with a visual position indicator and adjustable travel stops for open/closed position as standard. Optional manual override. Can be equipped with a hydraulic power unit: for shut-off, as a safety block, ESD block, as a bypass device enabling manual override. Can be combined with all limit switch boxes of the AMTROBOX/AMTROBOX R type series.
A high-efficiency pump that has been specially developed for handling air entrained slurries. The design features a patented impeller and a venting chamber that removes the air contained in the fluid handled from the impeller eye, preventing blockage and reducing downtime. The wetted pump end (casing, impeller and suction plate / liner) is made of white cast iron with a high chromium content. This increases the service life of the components. Urethane is also available as a material. The maximum permissible working pressures are between 8 and 11.5 bar, depending on the pump size. Perfectly suited for transporting fluids containing hardly to slightly abrasive solids. Ideal for sludges, classes 1 to 2.
HyaRain 2:Basic ready-to-connect package rainwater harvesting system with automatic mains water back-up function if the rainwater storage tank is empty, with integrated dry running protection, demand-driven automatic pump control and freely programmable intervals for water change in mains water storage tank.HyaRain 2 Plus:Ready-to-connect package rainwater harvesting system in protective housing with automatic mains water back-up function if the rainwater storage tank is empty, with integrated dry running protection, demand-driven automatic pump control and freely programmable intervals for water change in mains water storage tank. Also with analog level measurement in rainwater storage tank and integrated alarm relay.
Cyclone separator for flushing mechanical seals with cleaned fluid handled. For use with pumps handling suspensions or contaminated fluids.
Vertical in-line centrifugal pump with closed impeller and mechanical seal. ILNS fitted with an auxiliary vacuum pump, ILNE with ejector. Back pull-out design allows the impeller to be dismantled without removing the piping and the motor. ATEX-compliant version available.
Vertical close-coupled centrifugal pump in in-line design, with electric motor, closed impeller and mechanical seal. ILNCS fitted with an auxiliary vacuum pump, ILNCE with ejector. Standardised IEC frame motor. ATEX-compliant version available.
Vertical immersion pump for wet or dry installation, available with closed or semi-open impeller. Supplied with discharge pipe extending above the baseplate (INVCP) or without discharge pipe (INVCN). ATEX-compliant version available.
Centred-disc butterfly valve with ISO 5211 compliant square shaft end, sealed by elastomer liner, with lever or manual gearbox, pneumatic, electric or hydraulic actuator. Wafer-type body (T1), semi-lug body (T2), full-lug body (T4) or U-section body with flat faces (T5). Body types T2 and T4 are suitable for downstream dismantling and dead-end service with counterflange. Connections to EN, ASME, JIS.
Centred-disc butterfly valve with ISO 5211 compliant square shaft end, sealed by elastomer liner, with lever or manual gearbox, pneumatic, electric or hydraulic actuator. Semi-lug body (T2), full-lug body (T4) or U-section body with flat faces (T5). Body types T2, T4 and T5 are suitable for downstream dismantling and dead-end service with counterflange. Connections to EN, ASME, JIS.
Multistage close-coupled centrifugal pump for fully or partly submerged operation (min. immersion depth 0.1 m), with low-level inlet, suction strainer with a max. mesh width of 2.0 mm.
Multistage submersible borehole pump with integrated pressure switch, flow sensor and lift check valve. Electronic dry running protection with four consecutive start-up attempts; integrated capacitor. 15-metre H07 RN-F power cable with shockproof plug included.
Centred-disc butterfly valve with ISO 5211 compliant square shaft end and PFA liner. With lever, manual gearbox, pneumatic or electric actuator. With wafer-type body (T1), full-lug body (T4) or U-section body with raised faces (T6). EN, ASME, JIS connections possible.
The smart and comprehensive monitoring service for pumps and other rotating machinery, available 24/7 and also for non-KSB pumps. Benefit from predictive maintenance with KSB: comprehensive transparency, increased availability, enhanced operating reliability and efficient operation (of fixed-speed pumps). Important operating data such as vibrations, temperature, operating hours and load condition (of fixed-speed pumps) can be accessed via KSB Guard, anytime and from anywhere. In addition, deviations from normal operation trigger immediate notifications via the KSB Guard web portal and/or app. The experts at the KSB Monitoring Centre also provide support in analysing causes.
The KSB Leakage Sensor is an intelligent monitoring system for measuring and displaying mechanical seal leakage on site. It comprises a leakage measuring instrument and a display unit.
Ready-to-connect break tank package booster set for drinking water to DIN EN 1717 (type AB) for the safe separation of drinking water and liquids of category 5
IEC-compatible sensorless magnetless synchronous reluctance motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4 / IE5 (Super/Ultra Premium Efficiency) to IEC TS 60034-30-2:2016 for operation on a KSB PumpDrive 2, PumpDrive 2 Eco or PumpDrive R variable speed system. Suitable for connection to three-phase 380-480 V power supply (via PumpDrive). The motor mounting points comply with IEC 60072 specifications to ensure compatibility with standardised IEC frame motor applications and full interchangeability with IE2 or IE3 standardised asynchronous motors. Envelope dimensions lie within the limits for IE2/IE3 motors as recommended in DIN V 42673 (07-2011). The motor is controlled without rotor position sensors. The efficiency of the motor also exceeds 95 percent of nominal efficiency when the motor runs at 25 percent of its nominal power on a quadratic torque-speed curve. The motor is magnetless which means that so-called rare earths are not used in production. Drive production is thus sustainable and environmentally friendly.
Complete floodwater drainage set, comprising an AmaDrainer 507 pump including pre-assembled hose adapter with Storz C coupling and a drainage hose. The fully floodable, vertically installed, single-stage submersible motor pump has got an extra long  power cable (20 m), is designed with an IP68-rated enclosure, and is suitable for a maximum immersion depth of 7 m. The supplied 15 m long drainage hose can be extended. A robust plastic crate and safety gloves are also included in the scope of supply. A power generator is available on request.
KTS52 – thermosyphon system to API 682,4th edition. For double mechanical seals (Arrangement 2). The buffer fluid pressure is lower than the pressure in the pump’s seal chamber. The system supplies the space between the seals with a clean buffer fluid.
KTS52 – thermosyphon system to API 682,4th edition. For double mechanical seals (Arrangement 3). The barrier fluid pressure is higher than the pressure in the pump’s seal chamber. The system supplies the space between the seals with a clean barrier fluid.
Closed barrier fluid system to API 682, 4th edition. For double mechanical seals (Arrangement 3). The barrier fluid pressure is higher than the pressure in the pump’s seal chamber. The barrier fluid pressure is generated by a pre-loaded bladder accumulator. Equipped with water cooler or air cooler.
Horizontal radially split volute casing pump in back pull-out design, single-stage, single-entry, available with various impeller types: closed multi-channel impeller, open multi-vane impeller and vortex impeller. ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal radially split volute casing pump in back pull-out design, single-stage, single-entry, available with various impeller types: closed multi-channel impeller, open multi-vane impeller and vortex impeller. ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal or vertical radially split close-coupled volute casing pump, single-stage, single-entry, available with various impeller types: closed multi-channel impeller, open multi-vane impeller and vortex impeller.
Heat exchanger to API 682, 4th edition For single or double mechanical seals. Used for high-temperature hot water, boiler feed water and many hydrocarbons. The heat exchanger cools the product upstream of the inboard mechanical seal.
Quench system for supplying single mechanical seals in quench design or double mechanical seals (unpressurised). It is used for applications where leakage must be collected or diluted.
Single balanced cartridge seal in stationary design. Robust and reliable, especially developed for solids-laden fluids in mining.
A high-efficiency slurry pump as an ideal solution for heavy-duty applications. The wetted pump end (casing, impeller and suction plate / liner) is made of white cast iron with a large chromium content. The walls of the wetted parts of the LCC-H version are thicker than those of the LCC-M. This increases wear resistance and enables the use in applications with higher pressures. The suction-side wear plate and the suction cover are two separate components, which significantly reduces maintenance costs. All pumps are designed for a maximum permissible working pressure of 16 bar. Perfectly suited for transporting fluids containing hardly to slightly abrasive solids. Ideal for sludges, classes 2 to 3.
A high-efficiency slurry pump with excellent wear properties over a broad operating range. The wetted pump end (casing, impeller and suction cover / liner) is made of white cast iron with a high chromium content. Design optimised for easy dismantling and reassembly for maintenance and inspection work. The maximum permissible working pressures are between 8 and 16 bar, depending on the pump size. Perfectly suited for transporting fluids containing hardly to slightly abrasive solids. Ideal for sludges, classes 1 to 2.
Robust vertical shaft submersible pump in cantilever design with suction from the bottom and bearings arranged outside of the fluid handled. Design with open and closed impeller for best efficiency and maximum free passage. Wear parts of wetted pump components (casing, impeller, suction cover / liner) made of white cast iron with a high chromium content and therefore very wear-resistant. The maximum permissible working pressures are between 7 and 11 bar, depending on the pump size. Perfectly suited for transporting fluids containing hardly to slightly abrasive solids. Ideal for sludges, classes 1 to 2.
Level control unit for controlling and protecting either one or two pumps. DOL starting up to 4 kW, star-delta starting up to 30 kW. Higher ratings on request.
Horizontal volute casing pump for high-volume hydrotransport of solids. For pumping slurries of large and very large particle sizes with a very good suction behaviour and high efficiency. Used in low-pressure applications. Pump components made of white cast iron.
Robust, proven, high-efficiency pump for high heads with pump components made of abrasion-resistant white cast iron, designed for the hydraulic transport of solids of the most various particle sizes, in the most diverse of operating conditions. Robust, proven, reliable and service-friendly
Vertical spherical casing pump, radial impellers, single-entry, single- to three-stage. Suitable for very high inlet pressures and temperatures. Integrated wet winding motor to VDE. Product-lubricated bearings, no need for oil supply systems. Design to TRD, ASME or IBR.
Vertical pump with integrated motor, single-entry, single- to three-stage. Suitable for very high inlet pressures and temperatures. Integrated wet winding motor to VDE. Product-lubricated bearings, no oil supply systems required. Design to ASME Section 3, KTA, etc.
Manual actuator for operating quarter-turn valves. MA range manual gearbox, irreversible planetary gear kinematics, handwheel-operated.
Horizontal seal-less volute casing pump in back pull-out design, with magnetic drive, to DIN EN ISO 2858 / ISO 5199, with radial impeller, single-entry, single-stage. ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal or vertical seal-less volute casing pump in close-coupled design, with magnetic drive, to DIN EN ISO 2858 / ISO 5199, with radial impeller, single-entry, single-stage. ATEX-compliant version available.
Centred-disc butterfly valve, sealed by elastomer liner, with manual gearbox, electric, hydraulic or counterweight actuator, U-section body with flat faces (T5), connections to EN, ASME or JIS.
Heavy-duty manual actuator for operating quarter-turn valves. MC range manual gearbox, irreversible worm gear, handwheel-operated. Optional: other actuation methods, limit switch boxes, etc.
Pump designed with the latest technology from GIW. Superior wear properties and extremely long service life handling aggressive slurries.
Horizontal radially split volute casing pump in back pull-out design, with radial impeller, single-entry, single-stage, to DIN EN ISO 5199, dimensions to DIN EN ISO 2858, complemented by nominal diameters DN25 and ≥DN200, in large range of material and seal variants; also available as a variant with "wet" shaft and conical seal chamber. ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal volute casing pump for high-volume hydrotransport of solids. For pumping slurries of large and very large particle sizes with a very good suction behaviour and high efficiency. Pump components made of white cast iron.
The top- and bottom-guided double-ported control valve is characterised by a high permissible pressure drop across the valve. The high flow capacity typical of this design is attained with low pressure recovery. Bi-directional flow is permitted; wide flow passage, suitable for viscous fluids.
Top-guided single-ported heavy post-guided control valve for a wide temperature range.
Compact and light-weight construction, rugged stem guiding, field-reversible actuator, tight shut-off.
Compact microflow globe valves with high rangeability (500:1), quick-change trim for on-site adjustment of flow coefficient, rugged cage-style plug guide; anti- cavitation design available.
Uni-directional segmented ball valve for high flow rates, with single-piece body, V-notch segmented ball for excellent shearing action, and spring-loaded seat for higher seat leakage classification.
MIL 37 (fail-safe position: spring-to-close) and MIL 38 (fail-safe position: spring-to-open) are pneumatic single-spring diaphragm actuators for linear valves.
Cage-guided single-ported heavy-duty control valves, high pressure drop capability; noise reduction and anti-cavitation solution available by replacing the standard cage.
Cryogenic control valves with extended body, rugged guided extended valve plug, body-bonnet bolting outside the cold box.
High-power high-performance double-acting piston actuator suitable for high supply air pressures (up to 100 psi; system air, natural gas or other non-corrosive gaseous fluids can be used).
Top-guided single-ported heavy-duty control valves in angle pattern.
Cage-guided single-ported high-performance angle valve.
The letdown control valves in angle pattern are designed for all applications where flashing (flash evaporation) or two-phase (liquid and gaseous) flows may occur; no body/trim erosion, vibration or noise. Due to its angle pattern, the globe valve is self-draining.
Multi-stage low-noise control valve with labyrinth trim.
Multistage control valve in anti-cavitation design with wear-resistant multistage trim and detachable flow bush / spacer.
Three-way combining and diverting control valves.
The automatic recirculation valve (ARV) is a multifunctional valve whose primary function is to ensure a pre-determined minimum flow through the centrifugal pump at all times.
Multistage multi-path control valve with Matrix trim; pressures of up to 420 bar can be reduced by up to 50 pressure reduction stages, preventing cavitation and greatly reducing fluid velocity.
Floodable single-pump sewage lifting unit or dual-pump sewage lifting unit for automatic disposal of domestic waste water and faeces in building sections below the flood level.
Vertical submersible pump with three-channel impeller, volute casing designed as inlet strainer.
Multistage vertical high-pressure centrifugal pump in ring-section design with suction and discharge nozzles of identical nominal diameters arranged opposite to each other (in-line design), close-coupled. With KSB SuPremE, a magnetless synchronous reluctance motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 to IEC TS 60034-30-2:2016, for operation on a KSB PumpDrive 2 or KSB PumpDrive 2 Eco variable speed system without rotor position sensors. Motor mounting points in accordance with EN 50347, envelope dimensions in accordance with DIN V 42673 (07-2011). ATEX-compliant version available.
Multistage horizontal high-pressure centrifugal pump with KSB SuPremE, a magnetless synchronous reluctance motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 to IEC TS 60034-30-2:2016, for operation on a KSB PumpDrive 2 or KSB PumpDrive 2 Eco variable speed system without rotor position sensors.
Multistage vertical high-pressure immersion pump for installation on tanks or platforms.
Manual actuator for operating quarter-turn valves. MS range manual gearbox, irreversible worm gear, handwheel-operated.
MSE Compact switchgear for level-dependent control and protection of one single-phase AC motor (230 V / 50 Hz). The motor is started DOL.MSD:Compact switchgear for level-dependent control and protection of one three-phase motor (400 V / 50 Hz). The motor is started DOL.
Multistage self-priming centrifugal pump in close-coupled design.
Multistage horizontal or vertical centrifugal pump in ring-section design, long-coupled or close-coupled, with axial or radial suction nozzle, cast radial impellers and motor-mounted variable speed system. ATEX-compliant version available.
Multistage horizontal or vertical centrifugal pump in ring-section design, long-coupled or close-coupled, with axial or radial suction nozzle, cast radial impellers and motor-mounted variable speed system. ATEX-compliant version available.
Best-in-class, highly efficient multistage pump in ring-section design, for horizontal or vertical installation, long-coupled or close-coupled, with axial or radial suction nozzle, cast radial impellers, and motor-mounted variable speed system.
AUMA electric multi-turn actuators with manual gearbox for direct mounting on quarter-turn valves (actuator flange to ISO 5211). For on/off or control duties. Integrated local control or remote control.
Lift check valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (RXL), butt weld ends or socket weld ends (RXS), check disc with closing spring, seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant 17 % chrome steel or Stellite.
Globe valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (ZXL), butt weld ends or socket weld ends (ZXS), with gland packing, with on/off disc or throttling plug, rotating stem, seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant 17 % chrome steel or Stellite.
Globe valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (ZXLF), butt weld ends or socket weld ends (ZXSF), with gland packing, with on/off disc or throttling plug, non-rotating stem, integrated position indicator, seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant 17 % chrome steel or Stellite.
Globe valve to DIN/EN with butt weld or socket weld ends, gland packing, throttling plug, non-rotating stem, bayonet-type body/yoke connection, integrated position indicator, seat/disc interface made of Stellite.
Strainer to DIN/EN with flanged ends (FSL) or butt weld ends (FSS), made of cast steel, with standard or fine screen; all nominal sizes with drain plug in the cover, optional magnetic insert.
Lift check valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (RXL), butt weld ends or socket weld ends (RXS), check disc with closing spring, seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant chrome steel or chrome nickel steel.
Globe valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (ZXL), butt weld ends or socket weld ends (ZXS), with gland packing, with on/off disc or throttling plug, rotating stem, seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant chrome steel or chrome nickel steel.
Bellows-type globe valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (ZXLB), butt weld ends or socket weld ends (ZXSB), replaceable tapered on/off disc or throttling plug, two-piece stem, integrated position indicator, seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant chrome steel or chrome nickel steel.
Bellows-type globe valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (ZXLBV), butt weld ends or socket weld ends (ZXSBV), tapered on/off disc or throttling plug, two-piece stem, integrated position indicator, seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant chrome steel or chrome nickel steel.
Globe valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (ZXLF), butt weld ends or socket weld ends (ZXSF), with gland packing, with on/off disc or throttling plug, non-rotating stem, integrated position indicator, seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant chrome steel or chrome nickel steel.
Bellows-type globe valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (ZYLB) or butt weld ends (ZYSB), Y-pattern, with replaceable throttling plug (up to DN 100) or on/off disc (DN 125 and above), single-piece non-rotating stem, position indicator, travel stop, locking device; seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant chrome steel or chrome nickel steel.
Globe valve to DIN/EN with butt weld or socket weld ends, gland packing, throttling plug, non-rotating stem, bayonet-type body/yoke connection, integrated position indicator, seat/disc interface made of Stellite.
Globe valve with butt weld or socket weld ends, for nuclear applications, with gland packing, replaceable seat (NUCA-ES), straight-way pattern, made of steel, stainless steel or nickel.
Lift check valve with butt weld ends or socket weld ends, for nuclear applications, with replaceable seat (NUCA-ES), straight-way pattern, made of steel or stainless steel.
Single-stage axially split volute casing pump for horizontal or vertical installation, with double-entry radial impeller, mating flanges to DIN, EN or ASME.
Vertical tubular casing pump with mixed flow propeller, pump intake with inlet nozzle or suction elbow, pull-out design available, discharge nozzle arranged above- or underfloor, flanges to DIN or ANSI standards available.
Vertical tubular casing pump with axial propeller, single-stage, with maintenance-free Residur bearings, discharge nozzle arranged above or below floor level.
Vertical tubular casing pump with axial propeller, pump intake with inlet nozzle or suction elbow, pull-out design available, discharge nozzle arranged above- or underfloor, flanges to DIN or ANSI standards available.
Vertical pump set integrated in the reactor containment floor, seal-less pump with leak-free, low-maintenance wet rotor motor.
Modular self-cooling frequency inverter that enables continuously variable speed control of asynchronous and synchronous reluctance motors by means of analog standard signals, a field bus or the control panel. As PumpDrive is self-cooling, it can be mounted on a motor, on the wall or in a control cabinet. Up to six pumps can be controlled without needing an additional controller.
Modular self-cooling frequency inverter that enables continuously variable speed control of asynchronous and synchronous reluctance motors by means of analog standard signals, a field bus or the control panel. As PumpDrive R is self-cooling, it can be mounted on the wall or in a control cabinet. Up to six pumps can be controlled without needing an additional controller. PumpDrive R extends the power range of PumpDrive 2 up to a rated power of 250 kW (standard) / 1400 kW (on request).
Device for monitoring the operation of one pump. It is an intelligent pressure transmitter for pumps, with on-site display of measured values and operating data. It records the load profile of the pump in order to indicate any potential for optimising energy efficiency and availability. The device comprises two pressure sensors and a display unit. PumpMeter is supplied completely assembled and parameterised for the pump it is used with. It is ready for operation as soon as the M12 plug connector is plugged in.
BERNARD CONTROLS or AUMA electric quarter-turn actuators for direct mounting on quarter-turn valves (actuator flange to ISO 5211). For on/off or control duties. Integrated local control or remote control.
Single-stage axially split volute casing pump for horizontal or vertical installation, with double-entry radial impeller, mating flanges to DIN, EN or ASME.
Axially split volute casing pump for horizontal installation, with one, two or three stages and double-entry radial impeller, mating flanges to DIN, ISO or ANSI.
Vertical single-stage reactor coolant pump with forged circular casing plated on the inside, with diffuser, either with integrated pump thrust bearing or shaft supported by motor bearing.
Lift check valve to DIN/EN with butt weld or socket weld ends, Y-pattern, check disc with closing spring, pressure seal design, Hastelloy-faced body seats.
Horizontal single-stage double-entry main feed water pump MFWP, cast or forged variant.
RHM: Horizontal multistage barrel pull-out pump. RVM Vertical multistage barrel pull-out pump.
RHR: Horizontal circular casing pump with forged or cast pressure boundary and diffuser. RVR 
Vertical circular casing pump with forged or cast pressure boundary and diffuser.
Vertical single-stage centrifugal pump with discharge to the top and parallel with the pump shaft, pump base designed to act as suction strainer. Pump and motor are rigidly connected by a support column. Supplied ready to be plugged in, with 1.5-metre power cable and level switch.
Horizontal radially split volute casing pump in back pull-out design, to API 610, ISO 13709 (heavy duty), type OH2, single-stage, with single-suction radial impeller and centreline pump feet; with inducer if required. ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal radially split single-stage single-suction volute casing pump in back pull-out design, with centreline pump feet and radial impeller.
Horizontal single-entry single-stage radially split overhung centreline-mounted process pump with circular casing to API 610 (ISO 13709), type OH2. Special design for low flow rates. ATEX-compliant version available.
Horizontal radially split volute casing pump for dry installation, made of super-duplex stainless steel.
Vertical single-stage sump pump to API 610 and ISO 13709 (heavy duty), type VS4, with integral thrust bearing assembly and separate discharge line. ATEX-compliant version available.
Heavy-duty horizontal radially split between-bearings volute casing pump to API 610, ISO 13709 (heavy duty), type BB2, with radial impellers, single- or double-entry, single- or two-stage design with centreline pump feet. ATEX-compliant version available.
Vertical single-stage reactor coolant pump with cast or forged casing, shaft supported by motor bearing.
Pump/turbine assembly, turbine drive (by external energy source, operates independently of other systems), horizontal, submersible, single-stage, withstands harsh conditions.
Vertical single-stage reactor coolant pump. Seal-less design with integrated wet rotor motor and integrated flywheel. Product-lubricated bearings, no oil supply systems required.
Vertical multistage barrel pull-out pump with double-entry suction impeller and forged distributor casing.
Process pump with vortex impeller, semi-open or two-channel / three-channel impeller. Shaft sealed by mechanical seal or gland packing in accordance with various API piping plans. Oil-lubricated bearings. ATEX-compliant version available.
Tube-in-tube heat exchanger for cooling single and double mechanical seals. Used for high-temperature hot water, boiler feed water and many hydrocarbons. The heat exchanger cools the product upstream of the inboard mechanical seal.
Combined lift check/shut-off valve with butt weld ends, for nuclear applications, Y-pattern, with gland packing or bellows, made of steel or stainless steel.
Thermosyphon system for double mechanical seals with pressurised barrier fluid or unpressurised buffer fluid. Available in numerous configurable versions. For applications where leakage to atmosphere must be minimised, collected or completely ruled out.
Dual-plate check valve with single-piece, wafer-type body made of lamellar graphite cast iron, nodular cast iron, steel or stainless steel; metal/elastomer-seated or metal/metal-seated, maintenance-free, connections to EN, ASME or JIS.
Close-coupled volute casing pump for horizontal or vertical installation, with various next-generation impeller types, discharge flange to DIN and ANSI standards. Explosion-proof version available.
Volute casing pump for horizontal or vertical installation, with various next-generation impeller types, discharge flange to DIN and ANSI standards. Explosion-proof version available.
Vertical tubular casing pump with open mixed flow impeller, pump intake with inlet nozzle or suction elbow, pull-out design available, discharge nozzle arranged above- or underfloor, flanges to DIN or ANSI standards available.
Vertical tubular casing pump with open or closed mixed flow impeller
Gate valve to ANSI/ASME with NPT (F) threaded ends or socket weld ends, or integral flange (Class 150 - 600) with bolted bonnet (Class 150 - 800) or welded bonnet (Class 1500/2500), solid wedge, outside screw and yoke, Stellite hard-faced seat/disc interface made of 13 % chrome steel, with graphite gaskets and gland packing. Available in carbon steel, low-alloy steel and stainless steel.
Globe valve to ANSI/ASME with NPT (F) threaded ends or socket weld ends, or integral flange (Class 150 - 600) with bolted bonnet (Class 150 - 800) or welded bonnet (Class 1500/2500/4500), outside screw and yoke, Stellite hard-faced body seat, disc seating face made of Stellite hard-faced 13 % chrome steel, with graphite gaskets and gland packing. Available in carbon steel, low-alloy steel and stainless steel.
Lift check valve to ANSI/ASME with threaded sockets (NPT), butt weld ends (BW) or socket weld ends (SW) or integral flange (Class 150 - 600), Trim 8 (Stellite/13 % chrome steel), with bolted cover (Class 150 - 800) or welded cover (Class 1500/2500/4500), spring-loaded check disc, available in carbon steel, low-alloy steel and stainless steel.
Globe valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged or butt weld ends, bolted bonnet, outside screw and yoke. Rising stem, Stellite hard-faced seat/disc interface made of 13 % chrome steel, with graphite gasket and gland packing, available in carbon steel, low-alloy steel and stainless steel.
Gate valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged or butt weld ends, with bolted bonnet, outside screw and yoke, flexible wedge, rising stem, non-rising handwheel, Stellite hard-faced seat/disc interface made of 13 % chrome steel, with graphite gasket and gland packing. Available in carbon steel, low-alloy steel and stainless steel.
Swing check valve to ANSI/ASME with flanged or butt weld ends, with bolted cover, internally bracket-mounted hinge pin (up to NPS 12) or body-mounted hinge pin (NPS > 12). Bigger nominal sizes with anti-slam/dash pot arrangement (optional), graphite gaskets. Stellite hard-faced seat/disc interface made of 13 % chrome steel. Available in carbon steel, low-alloy steel and stainless steel.
Globe valve to ANSI/ASME with butt weld ends, Y-pattern, pressure seal design, outside screw and yoke, rising stem and non-rising handwheel, Stellite hard-faced seat/disc interface and back seat, with graphite gasket and gland packing. Available in carbon steel and alloy steel.
Gate valve to ANSI/ASME with butt weld ends, pressure seal design, split wedge, outside screw and yoke, rising stem and non-rising handwheel, Stellite hard-faced seat/disc interface and back seat, with graphite gasket and gland packing. Available in carbon steel and alloy steel.
Swing check valve to ANSI/ASME with butt weld ends, pressure seal design, internally mounted hinge pin, Stellite hard-faced seat/disc interface, with graphite gasket. Available in carbon steel and alloy steel.
Weir-type diaphragm valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends or threaded socket ends, in straight-way pattern; shut-off and sealing to atmosphere by supported and confined diaphragm; body with coating or lining, position indicator with integrated stem protection. All moving parts are separated from the fluid by the diaphragm. Maintenance-free.
Weir-type diaphragm valve to DIN/EN with threaded socket ends, straight-way pattern, body made of stainless steel for drinking water installations to DIN 1988, DIN-DVGW-approved for water acc. to test W 270, in compliance with the latest German Environment Agency guideline; shut-off and sealing to atmosphere by confined and supported SISTOMaXX diaphragm; position indicator with integrated stem protection. All moving parts are separated from the fluid by the diaphragm. Maintenance-free.
Weir-type diaphragm valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, short face-to-face length, in straight-way pattern; shut-off and sealing to atmosphere by supported and confined diaphragm; body with or without lining, position indicator with integrated stem protection. All moving parts are separated from the fluid by the diaphragm. Maintenance-free.
Weir-type diaphragm valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, straight-way pattern, for drinking water installations to DIN 1988, DIN-DVGW-approved for water acc. to test W 270, in compliance with the latest elastomers guideline of the German Environment Agency; shut-off and sealing to atmosphere by confined and supported SISTOMaXX diaphragm; position indicator with integrated stem protection. All moving parts are separated from the fluid by the diaphragm. Maintenance-free.
Weir-type diaphragm valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, threaded socket ends or socket weld ends, in straight-way pattern; shut-off and sealing to atmosphere by supported and confined diaphragm; body with coating or lining, position indicator with integrated stem protection. All moving parts are separated from the fluid by the diaphragm. Maintenance-free.
Diaphragm valve with butt weld ends, for nuclear applications, shut-off and sealing to atmosphere by supported and confined diaphragm. All moving parts are separated from the fluid by the diaphragm. Maintenance-free.
Diaphragm valve with butt weld ends or clamps; in straight-way, Y or T pattern, or as a multi-port valve; shut-off and sealing to atmosphere by confined and supported diaphragm. No dead volumes, suitable for sterilisation, SIP/CIP-compliant design, position indicator. All moving parts are separated from the fluid by the diaphragm. Maintenance-free.
Diaphragm valve with butt weld ends, for nuclear applications; shut-off and sealing to atmosphere by confined diaphragm. All moving parts are separated from the fluid by the diaphragm. Maintenance-free.
Diaphragm valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, in straight-way pattern; shut-off and sealing to atmosphere by diaphragm; hydraulically favourable full bore body with coating or lining, position indicator with integrated stem protection. From DN 125 with threaded bush. All moving parts are separated from the fluid by the diaphragm. Maintenance-free.
Vent valve with flanged or butt weld ends, for nuclear applications, soft-seated, with floating ball.
Multi-turn actuators for valves with rising stem, max. closing force 60,000 N, configurable as a function of flow characteristics and valve travel; open/closed-position feedback.
Piston actuator in heavy-duty design for mounting on valves with a linear stem movement (globe valves, diaphragm valves and gate valves). Actuator flange to DIN/ISO 5210. Available in single-acting spring-to-close or spring-to-open design, or double-acting air-to-open/air-to-close design; suitable for mounting limit switches or positioners to suit customer requirements.
Swing check valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, in straight-way pattern, full bore, body with coating or lining, slanted-seat design, static sealing to atmosphere; with soft rubber encapsulated pre-loaded valve disc featuring short travel to closure.
Swing check valve with flanged ends, body with or without lining, soft-seated, no dead volumes, straight-way pattern, full bore, slanted seat, static sealing to atmosphere; with soft rubber encapsulated pre-loaded valve disc featuring short travel to closure.
Swing check valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends, short face-to-face length, straight-way pattern, full bore, body with coating or lining, slanted-seat design, static sealing to atmosphere; with soft rubber encapsulated pre-loaded valve disc featuring short travel to closure.
Intelligent actual-position feedback unit for linear valves, clear visual indication of valve position by colour-coded high-visibility LEDs, user-friendly setting of limit positions by automatic initialisation in situ or via the process control system; continuously records valve travel and comprises a microcontroller-based analysing unit; valve position is signalled visually by the device’s high-visibility LEDs and electrically via digital outputs; connected via an M12 plug connector, ready for operation as soon as initialisation is complete.
Digital electro-pneumatic positioner for connection to an AS-i field bus. Certified by AS International. Mounts on ACTAIR EVO / DYNACTAIR EVO actuators with direct control air supply, or on any type of quarter-turn actuator with VDI/VDE 3845 interface and linear actuators with NAMUR interface.
Digital electro-pneumatic positioner powered via the 4-20 mA signal. Mounts on ACTAIR EVO / DYNACTAIR EVO actuators with direct compressed air supply, or on any type of quarter-turn actuator with VDI/VDE 3845 interface and linear actuators with NAMUR interface. SMARTRONIC U MA reduces investment, commissioning and operating costs as no air is consumed in idle state.
An intelligent, compact and innovative positioner. The integrated control offered by this multi-functional control unit represents the latest in open-loop and closed-loop control technology for valves. The unit attaches directly to ACTAIR EVO and DYNACTAIR EVO actuators with no need for a bracket or external piping, providing a rugged, compact overall solution. SMARTRONIC U PC offers four functions: programmable characteristic curves for valve opening and closing, intelligent positioning, process monitoring and control. SMARTRONIC U PC is PC programmable and can be connected to a Profibus DP field bus.
Vertical tubular casing pump with mixed flow impeller, single-stage, with maintenance-free Residur bearings, discharge nozzle arranged above- or underfloor.
Gate valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (AKD) or butt weld ends (AKDS), with bolted bonnet, body of forged or welded construction, non-rotating stem, split wedge with flexibly mounted discs for precise alignment with the body seats. Seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant 17 % chrome steel or Stellite.
Swing check valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (AKK) or butt weld ends (AKKS), with bolted cover, internally mounted hinge pin, body of forged or welded construction, seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant 17 % chrome steel or Stellite.
Gate valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (AKD) or butt weld ends (AKDS), with bolted bonnet, body of forged or welded construction, non-rotating stem, split wedge with flexibly mounted discs for precise alignment with the body seats. Seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant 17 % chrome steel.
Swing check valve to DIN/EN with flanged ends (AKK) or butt weld ends (AKKS), with bolted cover, internally mounted hinge pin, body of welded construction, seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant 17 % chrome steel.
Fully automatic pressure booster system with two horizontal close-coupled pumps (one pump on stand-by duty). Design complies with APSAD regulation R5. Pressure-controlled starting and stopping. Automated with BoosterControl.
Horizontal high-pressure end-suction centrifugal pump offering maximum resistance to wear and ease of maintenance. The conventional single-wall design transfers stress loads from the wear parts to the casing covers in high-pressure applications. Pump components made of highly wear-resistant white cast iron.
Triple-offset butterfly valve, metal-seated (fire-safe), without gland packing, maintenance-free, with lever or manual gearbox, pneumatic, electric or hydraulic actuator. Body made of steel or stainless steel, full-lug body (T4), flanged body (T7) with flat or raised faces, body with butt weld ends (BWSE). Body types T4 and T7 are suitable for dead-end service. Connections to EN, ASME or JIS. Connections to ASME: Schedule 10S, 10, STD and XS to NPS for valves with butt weld ends (other connections on request). Fugitive emissions performance tested and certified to EN ISO 15848-1. Certified to German TA Luft Technical Guidelines on Air Quality Control. Fire-safe design tested and certified to EN ISO 10497 (BS 6755 - API 6FA). ATEX-compliant version in accordance with Directive 2014/34/EU. In compliance with NACE MR0175 / ISO 15156 and MR 0103.
Triple-offset butterfly valve, metal-seated (fire-safe), without gland packing, maintenance-free, with lever or manual gearbox, pneumatic, electric or hydraulic actuator. Body made of steel or stainless steel, full-lug body (T4), flanged body (T7) with flat or raised faces, body with butt weld ends (BWSE). Body types T4 and T7 are suitable for dead-end service. Connections to EN, ASME or JIS. Connections to ASME: Schedule 40S and STD to NPS for valves with butt weld ends (other connections on request). Fugitive emissions performance tested and certified to EN ISO 15848-1. Certified to German TA Luft Technical Guidelines on Air Quality Control. Fire-safe design tested and certified to EN ISO 10497 (BS 6755 - API 6FA). ATEX-compliant version in accordance with Directive 2014/34/EU. In compliance with NACE MR0175 / ISO 15156 and MR 0103.
Triple-offset butterfly valve, metal-seated (fire-safe), without gland packing, maintenance-free, with lever or manual gearbox, pneumatic, electric or hydraulic actuator. Body made of steel or stainless steel, full-lug body (T4), flanged body (T7) with flat or raised faces. Body types T4 and T7 are suitable for dead-end service. Connections to EN, ASME or JIS (other connections on request). Fugitive emissions performance tested and certified to EN ISO 15848-1. Certified to German TA Luft Technical Guidelines on Air Quality Control. Fire-safe design tested and certified to BS 6775-2. ATEX-compliant in accordance with Directive 2014/34/EU. In compliance with NACE MR0175 / ISO 15156 and MR 0103.
Spring-loaded body pressure relief valve to DIN/EN, with or without bursting disc, for gate valves in pressure seal design.
Single balanced cartridge seal in stationary design. Designed for universal use in the seal installation spaces of various pump manufacturers. Pump-specific seal variants available with centring diameter on the seal cover, ensuring an optimum radial installation position of the mechanical seal in KSB pump type series.
Single balanced cartridge seal in stationary design. Designed for universal use in the seal installation spaces of various pump manufacturers. Pump-specific seal variants available with centring diameter on the seal cover, ensuring an optimum radial installation position of the mechanical seal in KSB pump type series.
Single-stage or multistage single-entry centrifugal pump in ring-section design for vertical or horizontal installation. Optionally available with lift check valve or connection branch. For well diameters of 8 inches and above.
Single-stage or multistage single-entry centrifugal pump in ring-section design for vertical or horizontal installation. Mixed flow hydraulic systems with impellers that can be turned down. Optionally available with lift check valve or connection branch. For well diameters of 10 inches and above.
Single-stage or multistage single-entry centrifugal pump in ring-section design for vertical or horizontal installation. Mixed flow hydraulic systems with trimmable impellers. Optionally available with lift check valve or connection branch. For well diameters of 12 inches and above.
Single-stage or multistage single-entry centrifugal pump in ring-section design for vertical or horizontal installation. Mixed flow hydraulic systems with impellers that can be turned down. Optionally available with lift check valve or connection branch. For well diameters of 14 inches and above.
Multistage centrifugal pump in ring-section design made of stainless steel for well diameters of 100 mm (4 inches) and above, available with single-phase AC motor or three-phase motor with motor lead.
All-stainless steel single-stage or multistage centrifugal pump in ring-section design, suitable for vertical or horizontal installation, for well diameters of 150 mm (6 inches) and above.
The KSB switchgear is suitable for level control and protection of submersible borehole pumps, submersible motor pumps and dry-installed pumps with single-phase AC motors 1~ 230 V or three-phase motors 3~ 230 / 400 V / 50 Hz. The motor is started DOL. Enclosure: IP56, dimensions: 205 × 255 × 170 mm (H × W × D).
Service-friendly volute casing pump with magnetless KSB SuPremE motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 and PumpDrive variable speed system. All wetted components are made of 1.4404/1.4409 (AISI 316L/CF3M) stainless steel. Designed with very little dead volume; open impeller, electropolished surface, excellent efficiency. Hygienic design for the highest requirements on cleanability (CIP/SIP-compatible), certified by the TNO Nutrition and Food Research Institute to EHEDG standards. All materials comply with FDA standards and EN 1935/2004. ATEX-compliant version available.
Service-friendly volute casing pump with magnetless KSB SuPremE motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 and PumpDrive variable speed system. All wetted components are made of 1.4404/1.4409 (AISI 316L/CF3M) stainless steel. Designed with very little dead volume; open impeller, electropolished surface, excellent efficiency. Hygienic design for the highest requirements on cleanability (CIP/SIP-compatible), certified by the TNO Nutrition and Food Research Institute to EHEDG standards. All materials comply with FDA standards and EN 1935/2004. Trolley available among other accessories. ATEX-compliant version available.
Service-friendly non-self-priming single-stage hygienic close-coupled pump in back pull-out design with magnetless KSB SuPremE motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 and PumpDrive variable speed system. The pump features a semi-open impeller and electropolished surfaces. It is very easy to clean by CIP/SIP thanks to its almost complete lack of dead volume or narrow clearances. Its wetted components are made of 1.4404/1.4409 (AISI 316L/CF3M) stainless steel. All materials comply with FDA standards and EN 1935/2004. ATEX-compliant version available.
Sturdy rotary lobe pump in hygienic design, bi-directional operation possible, horizontal or vertical orientation of connections. Hygienic design, excellent CIP/SIP compatibility due to its almost complete lack of dead volume or narrow clearances. All wetted components made of 1.4404/1.4409 (AISI 316L/CF3M) stainless steel; various rotor types, shaft seals and process connections available. Installed as a pump set with gear unit and standardised motor. Vitalobe is EHEDG-certified. The pump elastomers comply with the FDA standards and EN 1935/2004. Accessories include a trolley, a heatable casing or casing cover and a pressure relief arrangement. ATEX-compliant version available.
Service-friendly close-coupled side-channel pump (self-priming) with magnetless KSB SuPremE motor (exception: motor sizes 0.55 kW / 0.75 kW with 1500 rpm are designed with permanent magnets) of efficiency class IE4/IE5 and PumpDrive variable speed system. All wetted components are made of 1.4404/1.4409 (AISI 316L/CF3M) stainless steel. Hygienic design for the highest cleanability requirements (CIP/SIP-compatible). All materials comply with FDA standards and EN 1935/2004. Trolley available among other accessories. ATEX-compliant version available.
Multistage centrifugal pump in close-coupled design for vertical or horizontal installation. All wetted components are made of 1.4401/1.4408 (AISI 316/CF8M) stainless steel. Versatile, robust and especially energy-efficient. CIP/SIP-compatible. All materials comply with FDA standards and EN 1935/2004. Trolley also available among other accessories.
Patented design with state-of-the-art hydraulic system and highly wear-resistant materials for high-pressure applications. The pump casing is designed to withstand maximum stresses, e.g. during pressure surges.
Vertically suspended, single-casing, lineshaft, diffuser-type pump with integral thrust bearings and discharge through column pipe in accordance with API 610 / ISO 13709 (VS1). Available in single-stage and multistage configurations and with either single or double suction first-stage impeller.
Vertical, multistage, barrel pull-out ring-section pump for underground installation on a base frame in the pump sump, radial impellers, single-entry suction impellers, flanges to DIN or ANSI.
Vertical can-type ring-section pump, radial and mixed flow hydraulic system, single-entry and multi-entry impellers
Vertical can-type ring-section pump on base frame, multistage, first-stage impeller designed as a double-entry suction impeller, radial impellers. Flanges to DIN or ANSI.
Vertically suspended, double-casing, lineshaft, diffuser-type pump with integral thrust bearings and discharge through column pipe in accordance with API 610 / ISO 13709 (VS6). Available in single-stage or multistage configurations and with single suction first-stage impeller.
Horizontal radially split single-stage double-entry boiler feed booster pump (booster system) with cast steel single or double volute casing.
Start and stop control valve to DIN/EN, with butt weld ends, pressure seal design, billet-forged body, seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant Stellite, single-piece stem and throttling plug assembly for high differential pressures.
Swing check valve for nuclear applications, with butt weld ends, with bolted cover, internally mounted hinge pin, forged body made of steel or stainless steel.
Swing check valve to DIN/EN with butt weld ends, pressure seal design, internally mounted hinge pin, billet-forged body; seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant Stellite.
Gate valve  with butt weld ends, for nuclear applications, with bolted or pressure seal bonnet, forged or welded body, non-rotating stem, in split-wedge or parallel-disc design, made of steel or stainless steel.
Gate valve to DIN/EN or ANSI/ASME with butt weld ends, pressure seal design, billet-forged body, seat/disc interface made of wear and corrosion resistant Stellite, split wedge with flexibly mounted discs for precise alignment with the body seats.
Double-entry vertical shaft submersible pump in cantilever design with bearings arranged outside of the fluid handled. Double-entry pump design enables handling of fluids with a high solids content without leaving any residues. Wear parts of wetted pump components (casing, impeller, shaft-end plate / liner) made of white cast iron with a high chromium content and therefore very wear-resistant. Perfectly suited for transporting fluids containing hardly to slightly abrasive solids. Ideal for sludges, classes 1 to 2.
Globe valve with butt weld ends, for nuclear applications with safety-related requirements, with gland packing or bellows, Y-valve, made of cast stainless steel.
Bellows-type globe valve with butt weld ends, for nuclear applications with safety-related requirements, in straight-way or angle pattern, or as a two-way valve, made of steel or stainless steel.
Globe valve with butt weld or socket weld ends, for nuclear applications, with gland packing or bellows, straight-way pattern, made of steel or stainless steel.
Type Series
ProductsProduct CataloguePumpsSpare PartsSpare PartsOverviewValvesSpare Parts KitsMechanical SealsExpress-LineSpare Part Search
Product CataloguePumpsSpare PartsSpare PartsOverviewValvesSpare Parts KitsMechanical SealsExpress-LineSpare Part Search
Product Catalogue
Pumps
Spare PartsSpare PartsOverviewValvesSpare Parts KitsMechanical SealsExpress-LineSpare Part Search
OverviewValvesSpare Parts KitsMechanical SealsExpress-LineSpare Part Search
Overview
Valves
Spare Parts Kits
Mechanical Seals
Express-Line
Spare Part Search
Technical ServicesOverviewConsultancy and AnalysisConsultancy and AnalysisOverviewEnergy Efficiency ConsultingTechnical ConsultancyIdentification of Energy-Saving PotentialSystem Efficiency ServiceCustomised AutomationUpgradingCommissioningCommissioningOverviewInstallation and CommissioningOperationOperationOverviewMaintenance Service for All Rotating EquipmentMaintenance Service for ValvesInspection ServiceMaintenance Inspection ManagementSpare Parts Inventory ManagementPump Monitoring from SpecialistsRepairRepairOverviewPump RepairMotor RepairValve RepairReverse Engineering3D PrintingRotating Equipment ServiceService for Mechanical SealsRental Service and Emergency StockTraining CenterKSB Service CentresKSB Service Partners
OverviewConsultancy and AnalysisConsultancy and AnalysisOverviewEnergy Efficiency ConsultingTechnical ConsultancyIdentification of Energy-Saving PotentialSystem Efficiency ServiceCustomised AutomationUpgradingCommissioningCommissioningOverviewInstallation and CommissioningOperationOperationOverviewMaintenance Service for All Rotating EquipmentMaintenance Service for ValvesInspection ServiceMaintenance Inspection ManagementSpare Parts Inventory ManagementPump Monitoring from SpecialistsRepairRepairOverviewPump RepairMotor RepairValve RepairReverse Engineering3D PrintingRotating Equipment ServiceService for Mechanical SealsRental Service and Emergency StockTraining CenterKSB Service CentresKSB Service Partners
Overview
Consultancy and AnalysisConsultancy and AnalysisOverviewEnergy Efficiency ConsultingTechnical ConsultancyIdentification of Energy-Saving PotentialSystem Efficiency ServiceCustomised AutomationUpgrading
OverviewEnergy Efficiency ConsultingTechnical ConsultancyIdentification of Energy-Saving PotentialSystem Efficiency ServiceCustomised AutomationUpgrading
Overview
Energy Efficiency Consulting
Technical Consultancy
Identification of Energy-Saving Potential
System Efficiency Service
Customised Automation
Upgrading
CommissioningCommissioningOverviewInstallation and Commissioning
OverviewInstallation and Commissioning
Overview
Installation and Commissioning
OperationOperationOverviewMaintenance Service for All Rotating EquipmentMaintenance Service for ValvesInspection ServiceMaintenance Inspection ManagementSpare Parts Inventory ManagementPump Monitoring from Specialists
OverviewMaintenance Service for All Rotating EquipmentMaintenance Service for ValvesInspection ServiceMaintenance Inspection ManagementSpare Parts Inventory ManagementPump Monitoring from Specialists
Overview
Maintenance Service for All Rotating Equipment
Maintenance Service for Valves
Inspection Service
Maintenance Inspection Management
Spare Parts Inventory Management
Pump Monitoring from Specialists
RepairRepairOverviewPump RepairMotor RepairValve RepairReverse Engineering3D PrintingRotating Equipment ServiceService for Mechanical SealsRental Service and Emergency Stock
OverviewPump RepairMotor RepairValve RepairReverse Engineering3D PrintingRotating Equipment ServiceService for Mechanical SealsRental Service and Emergency Stock
Overview
Pump Repair
Motor Repair
Valve Repair
Reverse Engineering
3D Printing
Rotating Equipment Service
Service for Mechanical Seals
Rental Service and Emergency Stock
Training Center
KSB Service Centres
KSB Service Partners
ApplicationsWaste Water TechnologyWaste Water TechnologyOverviewFlood ControlWaste Water TreatmentWaste Water Disposal and TransportControlling and MonitoringWater TechnologyWater TechnologyOverviewWater TreatmentWater ExtractionWater Supply and TransportLeisure parksControlling and MonitoringIndustry TechnologyIndustry TechnologyOverviewMetal ProductionFood and Beverage ProductionPharmaceutical and Cosmetics ProductionMarine IndustryMechanical EngineeringSurface Treatment TechnologyIndustrial Water TreatmentTextile IndustrySnow-Making EquipmentSugar IndustryPulp Production and Paper ProductionAutomotive Industry and SuppliersChemicals ProductionChemicals ProductionOverviewBulk ChemicalsSpeciality ChemicalsConsumer ChemicalsBuilding ServicesBuilding ServicesOverviewHeating and cooling supplyWater supplyDrainageFire fightingEnergy TechnologyEnergy TechnologyOverviewRenewable EnergyFossil-Fuelled Power PlantsNuclear Power PlantsMiningMiningOverviewSlurry TransportProcess Water and DewateringDredgeDredgeOverviewRivers, Lakes, Tailings PondsOcean-going DredgeOil and Gas TechnologyOil and Gas TechnologyOverviewUpstreamMidstreamDownstreamOlefins & AromaticsNatural Gas ProcessingDecarbonizationDecarbonizationOverviewHydrogenCCUSNon-fossil fuelSmart standard: Intelligent standard pumps and valves
Waste Water TechnologyWaste Water TechnologyOverviewFlood ControlWaste Water TreatmentWaste Water Disposal and TransportControlling and MonitoringWater TechnologyWater TechnologyOverviewWater TreatmentWater ExtractionWater Supply and TransportLeisure parksControlling and MonitoringIndustry TechnologyIndustry TechnologyOverviewMetal ProductionFood and Beverage ProductionPharmaceutical and Cosmetics ProductionMarine IndustryMechanical EngineeringSurface Treatment TechnologyIndustrial Water TreatmentTextile IndustrySnow-Making EquipmentSugar IndustryPulp Production and Paper ProductionAutomotive Industry and SuppliersChemicals ProductionChemicals ProductionOverviewBulk ChemicalsSpeciality ChemicalsConsumer ChemicalsBuilding ServicesBuilding ServicesOverviewHeating and cooling supplyWater supplyDrainageFire fightingEnergy TechnologyEnergy TechnologyOverviewRenewable EnergyFossil-Fuelled Power PlantsNuclear Power PlantsMiningMiningOverviewSlurry TransportProcess Water and DewateringDredgeDredgeOverviewRivers, Lakes, Tailings PondsOcean-going DredgeOil and Gas TechnologyOil and Gas TechnologyOverviewUpstreamMidstreamDownstreamOlefins & AromaticsNatural Gas ProcessingDecarbonizationDecarbonizationOverviewHydrogenCCUSNon-fossil fuelSmart standard: Intelligent standard pumps and valves
Waste Water TechnologyWaste Water TechnologyOverviewFlood ControlWaste Water TreatmentWaste Water Disposal and TransportControlling and Monitoring
OverviewFlood ControlWaste Water TreatmentWaste Water Disposal and TransportControlling and Monitoring
Overview
Flood Control
Waste Water Treatment
Waste Water Disposal and Transport
Controlling and Monitoring
Water TechnologyWater TechnologyOverviewWater TreatmentWater ExtractionWater Supply and TransportLeisure parksControlling and Monitoring
OverviewWater TreatmentWater ExtractionWater Supply and TransportLeisure parksControlling and Monitoring
Overview
Water Treatment
Water Extraction
Water Supply and Transport
Leisure parks
Controlling and Monitoring
Industry TechnologyIndustry TechnologyOverviewMetal ProductionFood and Beverage ProductionPharmaceutical and Cosmetics ProductionMarine IndustryMechanical EngineeringSurface Treatment TechnologyIndustrial Water TreatmentTextile IndustrySnow-Making EquipmentSugar IndustryPulp Production and Paper ProductionAutomotive Industry and Suppliers
OverviewMetal ProductionFood and Beverage ProductionPharmaceutical and Cosmetics ProductionMarine IndustryMechanical EngineeringSurface Treatment TechnologyIndustrial Water TreatmentTextile IndustrySnow-Making EquipmentSugar IndustryPulp Production and Paper ProductionAutomotive Industry and Suppliers
Overview
Metal Production
Food and Beverage Production
Pharmaceutical and Cosmetics Production
Marine Industry
Mechanical Engineering
Surface Treatment Technology
Industrial Water Treatment
Textile Industry
Snow-Making Equipment
Sugar Industry
Pulp Production and Paper Production
Automotive Industry and Suppliers
Chemicals ProductionChemicals ProductionOverviewBulk ChemicalsSpeciality ChemicalsConsumer Chemicals
OverviewBulk ChemicalsSpeciality ChemicalsConsumer Chemicals
Overview
Bulk Chemicals
Speciality Chemicals
Consumer Chemicals
Building ServicesBuilding ServicesOverviewHeating and cooling supplyWater supplyDrainageFire fighting
OverviewHeating and cooling supplyWater supplyDrainageFire fighting
Overview
Heating and cooling supply
Water supply
Drainage
Fire fighting
Energy TechnologyEnergy TechnologyOverviewRenewable EnergyFossil-Fuelled Power PlantsNuclear Power Plants
OverviewRenewable EnergyFossil-Fuelled Power PlantsNuclear Power Plants
Overview
Renewable Energy
Fossil-Fuelled Power Plants
Nuclear Power Plants
MiningMiningOverviewSlurry TransportProcess Water and Dewatering
OverviewSlurry TransportProcess Water and Dewatering
Overview
Slurry Transport
Process Water and Dewatering
DredgeDredgeOverviewRivers, Lakes, Tailings PondsOcean-going Dredge
OverviewRivers, Lakes, Tailings PondsOcean-going Dredge
Overview
Rivers, Lakes, Tailings Ponds
Ocean-going Dredge
Oil and Gas TechnologyOil and Gas TechnologyOverviewUpstreamMidstreamDownstreamOlefins & AromaticsNatural Gas Processing
OverviewUpstreamMidstreamDownstreamOlefins & AromaticsNatural Gas Processing
Overview
Upstream
Midstream
Downstream
Olefins & Aromatics
Natural Gas Processing
DecarbonizationDecarbonizationOverviewHydrogenCCUSNon-fossil fuel
OverviewHydrogenCCUSNon-fossil fuel
Overview
Hydrogen
CCUS
Non-fossil fuel
Smart standard: Intelligent standard pumps and valves
CompanyOverviewCareerPressEvents
OverviewCareerPressEvents
Overview
Career
Press
Events
Software and Know-howOverviewAnalysis ToolsAnalysis ToolsOverviewSonolyzerUMA-SConfiguration ToolsConfiguration ToolsOverviewKSB EasySelectKSBuilding ConsultFind pumps and valves with KSB SelectKSB HELPS PumpSelectionDigital product dataDigital product dataOverviewVDI data recordsRevit data recordsDATANORM data records for building servicesOperational ToolsOperational ToolsOverviewKSB FlowManager AppKSB ServiceToolWeb-App GoToAmarexKnow-howKnow-howOverviewKSB Know How BrochuresMyKSBMyKSBOverviewGetting started with MyKSBConfiguration of KSB products within MyKSBE-commerce connections with KSB
OverviewAnalysis ToolsAnalysis ToolsOverviewSonolyzerUMA-SConfiguration ToolsConfiguration ToolsOverviewKSB EasySelectKSBuilding ConsultFind pumps and valves with KSB SelectKSB HELPS PumpSelectionDigital product dataDigital product dataOverviewVDI data recordsRevit data recordsDATANORM data records for building servicesOperational ToolsOperational ToolsOverviewKSB FlowManager AppKSB ServiceToolWeb-App GoToAmarexKnow-howKnow-howOverviewKSB Know How BrochuresMyKSBMyKSBOverviewGetting started with MyKSBConfiguration of KSB products within MyKSBE-commerce connections with KSB
Overview
Analysis ToolsAnalysis ToolsOverviewSonolyzerUMA-S
OverviewSonolyzerUMA-S
Overview
Sonolyzer
UMA-S
Configuration ToolsConfiguration ToolsOverviewKSB EasySelectKSBuilding ConsultFind pumps and valves with KSB SelectKSB HELPS PumpSelection
OverviewKSB EasySelectKSBuilding ConsultFind pumps and valves with KSB SelectKSB HELPS PumpSelection
Overview
KSB EasySelect
KSBuilding Consult
Find pumps and valves with KSB Select
KSB HELPS PumpSelection
Digital product dataDigital product dataOverviewVDI data recordsRevit data recordsDATANORM data records for building services
OverviewVDI data recordsRevit data recordsDATANORM data records for building services
Overview
VDI data records
Revit data records
DATANORM data records for building services
Operational ToolsOperational ToolsOverviewKSB FlowManager AppKSB ServiceToolWeb-App GoToAmarex
OverviewKSB FlowManager AppKSB ServiceToolWeb-App GoToAmarex
Overview
KSB FlowManager App
KSB ServiceTool
Web-App GoToAmarex
Know-howKnow-howOverviewKSB Know How Brochures
OverviewKSB Know How Brochures
Overview
KSB Know How Brochures
MyKSBMyKSBOverviewGetting started with MyKSBConfiguration of KSB products within MyKSBE-commerce connections with KSB
OverviewGetting started with MyKSBConfiguration of KSB products within MyKSBE-commerce connections with KSB
Overview
Getting started with MyKSB
Configuration of KSB products within MyKSB
E-commerce connections with KSB
MagazineOverviewOptimisation OpportunitiesInnovation and ProgressNews on ApplicationsTipps and TricksSuccess Stories
OverviewOptimisation OpportunitiesInnovation and ProgressNews on ApplicationsTipps and TricksSuccess Stories
Overview
Optimisation Opportunities
Innovation and Progress
News on Applications
Tipps and Tricks
Success Stories
Contact
Products
Product Catalogue
Product Catalogue
Spare Parts
Technical Services
Shopping Cart
Product types
Software and Know-how
Waste Water Technology
Water Technology
Industry Technology
Building Services
Energy Technology
Company
Events
Press
Career
Social Media
Newsletter
Tutorials
Data Privacy
Disclaimer
Company information
Terms and Conditions
Compliance (EN)